AI Sandbox with Felix & Fly 
Thu. Apr 27, 2023

0:24 - David I'm disconnected off.

0:31 - Felix Do we want to use free Dai? Okay, so I actually when we go into prey cout rooms, not sure how red AI handles prey cout rooms. Never experimented, it actually.

0:47 - David Well, I think uh, great place to experiment with.

0:52 - Felix definitely want to say the same. This is the truly Sfx push on things.

0:59 - David Man, man, I think like On some level I'm like, why, why the amm, I leading uh this, this kind of thing by me, that, that's what it's all about, right? Just uh, exploring together,

1:16 - Felix Check with.

1:19 - David nice man. Nice. I just do a little call out on the ambassadors.

1:27 - Felix Just writing doing exactly the same. And I make you calls to.

1:58 - David Indeed.

2:02 - Felix And it's actually really cool because I think last time also Alex, she mentioned a please record the thing, now we have to recover it nice.

2:12 - David All Right Is it recording now.

2:17 - Felix it's already recording us.

2:19 - David Beautiful P. Read AI and the video, Okay, Double check.

2:27 - Felix Yes, read. Do your copy. I think we even can I'm not sure that if it has life insights, actually good questions. Incorporation. I just, no, I think it just shows finished once.

3:02 - David I guess it might just be us, in which case we can just like go through. The stuff that we and up skill ourselves right.

3:15 - Felix Exactly a Steven Steven is fining step.

3:18 - David People have arrived.

3:25 - Felix Piston.

3:31 - QA-DAO Firefox.

3:34 - David Hey, dude.

3:39 - Felix Are we going for this?

3:43 - QA-DAO Yeah, all good. It was a long day yesterday.

3:46 - David Hello.

3:50 - QA-DAO Now it was all good. Least Wednesdays always a bit hard because there's kind of like there's a lot going on and it goes on late into the evening, you know, So so I can't remember what I said after about seven o'clock so don't hold me to it.

4:00 - Felix No. This is actually something. Me also I should mention the sat is hey guys it's after ten o'clock my place don't count on quality.

4:23 - QA-DAO Because you're you're an hour ahead of me, and you know. God it must must have been about eleven o'clock or twelve o'clock where you are or something like that.

4:34 - Felix No, we we are both in. I think we are the same times,

4:37 - QA-DAO I'm uh I'm in the uk like like so would David draw in uk what me.

4:37 - Felix so time is it right now? Uk C Utc plus zero, right?

4:48 - QA-DAO All right, okay?

4:50 - Felix So it's one.

4:50 - David etc. plus one.

4:53 - Felix app plus one so it's two o'clock your time right now okay here three three yes.

5:01 - David Nice.

5:04 - Felix He hate you.

5:07 - Rojo Hello, how's everyone doing?

5:10 - David You guys. What was up last night, are you talking about Sw? Stuff.

5:24 - Felix No, yester night Process incubation and strategy Good cause it just and look on my kel.

5:32 - QA-DAO I hated to bay.

5:32 - David Okay.

5:33 - QA-DAO It was it was good.

5:38 - Felix for me it's a little unfortunate because sometimes yeah all the singularity that calls actually happen on my time it's tuesday ambassador total is eight p m my time closes go is nine p m my time incubation work group is nine p m my time strategy go is ten p m my time and this are really for me some of the most important process incubation strategy and it's a time where I just finished usually shit off day and then in the night you are until eleven almost midnight you are daly this so good stuff.

6:09 - Felix More play. Brain can't catch up on these times. Anyone.

6:14 - David Totally. It's sometimes I feel kind of in a lucid state when we're in these like big discussions. It's like so fug and late.

6:26 - Stephen - QA-DAO You needed to stop taking different drugs.

6:31 - Felix Actually. A whole package of mushrooms. Silver this is for here.

6:45 - Stephen - QA-DAO That's what I call artificial intelligence.

6:49 - David You got it?

6:51 - Felix Magic Intelligence. Of factor shows recorded. Just remember.

7:02 - Stephen - QA-DAO Yeah, that wasn't anything illegal or anything.

7:06 - David Yo let's, let's stop the recordings and start again.

7:12 - Tevo Saks I think it's not actually recording all.

7:15 - Felix See, it is it is all righty.

7:17 - Tevo Saks Okay.

7:18 - cran Tucky mushrooms.

7:23 - Stephen - QA-DAO We were talking about a kind of, you know, whole cuisine.

7:31 - Felix Plus, well then maybe let's kick this of already. How much time do you have guys? Do you have to jump at the top of the hour?

7:46 - David That sounds like consent.

7:48 - Felix Okay, you have time, so we stick here for the next 4 h. That's great. Probably not, but maybe the next felt feel 1st kicking this up. Happy Wednesday No, it's Thursday, there we go, Happy day back off. Thanks for shining a short introduction on a sandbox. What is the whole thing around about? Actually aims to be a place to get people already comfortable with new AI tools. Because here there are lots of stuff coming these days and definitely we have some people who are very comfortable with it, some people who are a little bit more afraid to it, some people who are fucking afraid of it, some people who know already very well how to use multiple tools for specific projects or processes, some who still struggle to get 1st in touch with the very simply and let's the most common ones and I sandbox really O.

8:49 - Felix Correct me if I'm wrong. David To be a place to educate people in the right use of AI tools. To make sure if we have the right tools, we also want to educate ourselves, each other on how to best use them. And also for being a sandbox, bringing these tools maybe to their limits, to weird environments, to weird scenarios, breaking stuff if possible, maybe even let's try to not fuck up our plains, let's try to fuck up this artificial plains. Explore new news cases then as well, and maybe new nice innovative experimental approaches of how to use AI tools as well and all the capacity there.

9:32 - Felix David Do you want to add a last point? This is an initiative by Singularity Lambos program. That's it. David So.

9:43 - David Man sounds great. Everything all of that good stuff. Play on board ourselves, on board each other. Learn how we can supercharge become superhuman with these tools that are now available, open source and share. On. So I shared just before, just before we went on here with Felix, that on some level I'm like, why the, why the my leadings, helping lead something like this and On some level, I guess that's what it's all about, try and stuff out exploring when we, when we are gonna fail.

10:33 - David Thanks for being here.

10:36 - Felix Maybe also one note I would like to say is most of the tools are quite new, that it's not that they are there for 30 years already and we could say all the experts really know how this stuff works, not the case. So everybody in this call we should see each other as equals amongst equals. We are all, none of us and all of us are experts and some maybe have some more, let's say experience, though we are all on the same page, right? So really see us each other. Teach the teachers. Each of you is a student.

11:11 - Felix Each of you is a teacher in this regard. We don't have any masters here who can could comfortably say I know all all these F quarks and its back to its deepest, and not the case, I think,

11:26 - David Definitely,

11:29 - Felix then.

11:32 - David we were thinking about basically. Doing an introduction on L lamps, having a chat and a break and then doing some, group challenges and break our rooms, everyone here. If it's eight, then I guess we can split into, say, two two rooms with four each. Nice.

12:00 - Felix main idea is to stick a little bit together the first half an hour in the main room just giving some introduction what for example from the last session we saw the most common tool is definitely gpt four or gpt gpt three point five so we said ok may be starting there and focus on this that's a tool where everybody is using then yeah, in the 1st half an hour chatting mostly about Lms, what is this thing actually? And then moving into, into breakout rooms like David mentioned and Maybe ha.

12:35 - Felix Because somebody who can even better explain it than me, I think, is Stephen. Sorry for the call out What the fuck is the Lom in this regard when we speak about Chi?

12:51 - Stephen - QA-DAO is that me or David or me? Okay, yeah, okay. And then I, it's a large language model, it's a well it's actually developed out of originally a paper in twenty seventeen which was made a breakthrough on Generate, a generative approach to AI, which involves basically the sampling of large text corpuses using one dimensional arrays. That's about that. Okay, I could go on by word.

13:26 - Felix Was a fcking good idea to call you out.

13:28 - David Yeah.

13:28 - Felix Please go on a little, Stephen.

13:30 - Stephen - QA-DAO Yeah, okay, well, the mathematical basis is, I've got a home at this bly for me, Yeah, it's, it's, it samples uh, text in a, in a one dimensional array. That means it's like a one shot, okay, and the way it's doing it is like, so it's taking some text and it's splicing the text up. Into a matrices like a vector matrices And then it does that. So it's one dimensional, so it's more efficient. And then, then it goes through that and it's a good way to correlate or match to seek patterns in text.

14:10 - Stephen - QA-DAO And what they didn't expect because was when they started throwing a great deal of data at it. At 1st it didn't, wasn't, didn't work very well, but then it started to. Patterns started to emerge from it, and coherences started to emerge from it. There's still problems with that because for example it makes things up and and it kind of it's not if you ask it to do maths it's going to maybe just look in its patterns to how to do math it doesn't know how to do maths for example unless you plug something into it.

14:48 - Stephen - QA-DAO Something interesting has happened It's able to produce intelligent responses in a conversational way, based by sampling conversations essentially. It has all the downsides to that as well, because it's kind of like It's a bit like if you have access to the entire internet and and the someone asked you a question, you could go off randomly and find an answer on the inter that. So it does need to be trained and other people came along. I think Google did it 1st. Their model, they didn't publicize it very much.

15:25 - Stephen - QA-DAO And then it was picked up by a company called Open AI. Started developing a product called Gpt, which I can't. General something a Cora that stands for now. And that was a model which trained the day to use the same technique, but then added safety parameters, prompt engineering, and that's where we are today. That kind of took off last year, I suppose.

15:59 - David Nice thanks for sharing.

16:06 - Felix Steve. Then may let's not have a little look on Aki when we speak the about Lms and Gpt. I think everybody of you is familiar already with the interface, right? It's a very simple chat interface. And there we have several terms which are everybody here of you already prompt for example what is a prompt who would like to give his answer. What? What is a prompt? What should we understand when we speak about this one? Anybody.

16:44 - Tevo Saks request. In other words, But I guesss the prompt is going to be much more sophisticated, not just like a specific thing, but it includes context. Structure probably is like like, going into new era of what prompt is going to mean because now you actually get a lot of value and probably are going to learn how to. How to, how to create prompts and what makes a good prompt and where. Tus years it didn't really matter as much because it from was matched with the already existing like output, not generating.

17:38 - Felix Really liked how you actually transform us a little bit of putting different perspective from but I said it's a chat interface but it a it's more like a order right so when we inter a and interact for example of chpt in this regard don't take this assumption of it's a chat It's not the person sitting in the end, just because we have the chat windows which were usually used to know are there's another p person behind and we so ad. The subject is very subjective. Context around as well. And we assume certain things, it's very different, right?

18:17 - Felix It's actually like, let's say the 1st time, pretty much everybody is able to do something what before only coders have been able to write directly, speak to a code through whatever language and and whatnot. But really see it much more like this. You're speaking with a program, not getting with something. Actually, I think it is quite cool to understand that as well. Then also for, because t you mentioned also context, there's another term Context window Like simple when looking on Gpt does anybody has a good idea of what is a context window?

19:12 - Felix No one knows, so how do we find out?

19:20 - Tevo Saks Ask the chip.

19:24 - Felix That's what we can do because it's a Wo, it's called AI standpoint. So let me share a screen for a 2nd. All right, then. Send a message, but we already, this is a prompt, right? What we sent here, it's not really a message, it's not really a chat. So we send an order, What do we ask for, what? What is the question?

20:08 - Tevo Saks What is the context window, you ask.

20:13 - Felix Okay, how should we formulate this question? Just put it like this.

20:20 - Tevo Saks I usually tell like Juch it like hello, can you provide me the answer? And then I put an answer. But they kind of gives me a Nicer, I guess it's more chatty this way, but I don't think it matters, really.

20:37 - Felix Let's try it out. What if you said like the sentence Start with Sa, please provides. Answer something like this.

20:51 - Tevo Saks I usually appear back who you please, so I give option to AI to always not tenser to me even though he hass done it every time.

21:05 - Felix Just a song Sitch it to everybody.

21:11 - David You know, if we want to test out prompts. I have a prompt which we can use to test out prompts. I'm gonna post it in the chat. It's too long. Can I send? Your on discord face.

22:08 - Felix This find s something what I like to do as well, let's say when you want to use several. Variables. Simply one problem is if you open a new chat, you can't open just a new chat and then again a new chat and again a new chat. So just something I replies only with okay and that. Make sure you have multiple chats from which you can, you can start. The example one was. Wa you sent, you send it in this cash? Yes, okay. Them. David is a hell of a promise, actually. Please forget all prior prompts. I want you to become my prompt creator.

23:04 - Felix Your goal is to help me build the best detailed prior detailed prompt for my needs. This prompt will be used by you. Ch, Gpt Please follow this Following 1st Your 1st response will be to ask me what the Prom should be about. I will provide my answer, but we will need to improve it through continual iterations by going through the next steps. 2nd Based on my input, you will generate three sections A Revised prompt Provide your rewritten prompt it should be easier, should be clear, concise, and easily understandable to you.

23:38 - Felix Be suggestions Provide success on what detail to include in the prompt to improve it and seek questions Ask any relevant questions pertaining to what additional information is needed for me to improve the prompt. 3rd, We will continue this iterative process with me providing an additional information to you, and you update the prompt in the revised prompt section until it's complete. I want you to write every prompt I give you or you or you produce. Give it a rating from one to ten.

24:11 - Felix Add comments on what you think could be improved. Do this for every prompt. If your rating of the prompt is an eight or higher, ask me what you like to run this prompt with a Minu choice Yes or No. If I say yes, run the last prompt you suggested. If I say no, generate me a better prompt. It is vital to make sure you run a prompt when I say yes. Please continue to prompt until I say stop or you running the prompt. Thank you, Any thoughts on this?

24:49 - Tevo Saks Sounds too complex for catchy, but maybe it can.

24:54 - Felix Then let's see right. Okay, and what was the question then? What should the prompt be about?

25:07 - Tevo Saks What was context win, though? In chat chi pt I guess by the way you are using now chat pt three point five I just doing two different versions.

25:27 - Felix now we can sh uh this one is three point five two.

25:35 - David it'd be interesting to seee what's compared between three point five and four with the same prompt.

26:10 - Felix Wever prompt White Information Informative article about the Context Wind of Chip suggests introduce Chpt and its purpose in natural language. Processing. Explain the concept of of context win language model and its importance. Detail the specific context window used by Chat Gpt and its characteristics. Provide examples of how context window affects the performance and outcomes of Chat Gpt. Discuss the trade off. Questions would you like me to include any specific technical terms or concepts in the article are there any particular examples or use cases you would like me to focus on rating eight out of ten the prompt is clear and specific but could benefit from more details on the intended audience and purpose of the article.

27:06 - Felix Gpt three point five gives it already a higher ranking so it's already much shorter. Actually, in all those parts suggestions Find what a context window is.

27:17 - Tevo Saks At least it gives the proper thing because the three point five actually is reflecting back the context and four point zero just doesn't doesn't care at all what we from it just comes up with totally new versions okay discuss trade offs Look, the 5th one is actually something to be used, but it feels like a less useful.

27:54 - Felix that's interesting already so in this case you would say three point five actually is more accurate than four point zero.

28:05 - David it's interesting because I wonder if we can now run both prompts from three point five and four and then see what they come up with because I I s I see with three point five it's simpler the questions, I wonder what the results yield.

28:24 - Felix Okay, so what should be the next one then?

28:28 - Tevo Saks Hope based all the suggestions.

28:34 - David You can just, yeah, you can Just say instead of copy and pasting, you can say. Write an answer to each suggestion that's written in a bullet point. Suggestions and questions or I guess you copy and paste it. I mean it's interesting because with that It's a question of how do you get the information as interoperable as possible.

29:19 - Felix Now I don't understand the purpose. For the purpose of the 1st prompt this one then actually.

29:27 - Tevo Saks I think it gain off gain, but it did provide new prop suggestions what you should ask him, and now you are actually using what? Because he improved your own prong. Included this, like use cases and the wording of that and the functionality of that. So this is now actual answer to the context if you try.

29:50 - Felix Okay.

29:52 - Tevo Saks But that that was a good idea actually to, to make the AI prompt itself because now you can copy baste it right to each and instead of copy basting the text, copy baste just the prompt itself so you can automate your you are. The more AI. O my, got that? Took a lot of more information, though. Yeah, but the four goes totally off topic in my opinion at the start and then. But they on now on the 3rd task described the correct like the information. But on the, I think the sequence is something that has to be promptly engineered in, like a correct order.

31:10 - Tevo Saks Maybe that wasn't. Three point five it was it feels like more like start with the context and then you go into details and use cases. But the chat chip before it was like kind of random sequence, but all were like,

31:39 - Felix quite a then let's have a look. Actually, did we find a way to answer this correctly? River What is the context when.

31:54 - Tevo Saks I guess it is the same from window it's talking about, but it one are the elements that it's specific amount of tokens, but it's still unclear how much is tokens. And then like it gets like in deft. Yeah, I don't think we needed boy that.

32:19 - Felix Just like to. Course it's better. Have to do with the shear sun. Or oration. When asking anybody Now, what is the context when the can respond it?

34:29 - Tevo Saks Not really that it didn't clearly state where the hell is at the window, but that as it described, it looks like it's basically all the information you see. In that chat, like the previous messages basically, and the chat you are using itself. So the prompt itself is also.

34:52 - Felix Exactly. The whole conversation right because for example unlike like let's say for example google where you type something and it looks for something it's not able to build a conversation with you right lms actually walk in this context of context to window maybe we can just equally translate into the word conversation everything what happens in this conversation is defined by the context window each prompt within this context window is a sentence from the participant right but no I'm speaking for example so it's like okay I'm sending prompts to in the context window of this conversation to the gpt does this make sense.

35:38 - headelf Le let me, you know it doesn't, it doesn't. So when the nuns taught me how to write. Different than a conversation. But when you change your paragraph and you're working on, say, a noun or a subject, the new paragraph you're supposed to include a reference to the subject. So that paragraph knows what you're talking about in conversation. You don't constantly have to do that because everybody in the Convo knows what the subject is, what you're talking about, if you're doing it with chat?

36:17 - headelf G Bt Do you follow conversational rules? Do you follow writing rules where each context box paragraph you need to put in what the subject is? Does that make sense? What I'm rambling about? Or did I lose you?

36:41 - Felix No not quite right though I would argue because you said in a conversation that doesn't between people for example the difference is everybody knows what the subject is about I would strongly argue against this actually very often conversations is ality check where you have to combine somehow okay what is your subjective or your interpretation of what we are speaking about even when we say a let's speak about singularity ambassadors program we know that well everybody if we could ask anybody in the room would give another answer right Assuming that the subject is same defined by all participants in the conversation, I think that's not true.

37:24 - headelf Well, if I'll use a different example, if we're talking about Cardano and we're talking about D reps. And you start talking about reps in Cardano and I'm talking about D reps and catalysts. How do we know what we're talking about?

37:42 - Felix providing context.

37:43 - headelf That may be providing context in the context box. I'm just trying to wrap my brain, my mind, my inner mind about around what a context box. Should be and I'm on another computer and I'm just downloading or getting used to Chache Pt four for the 1st time. So you've progressed this uh, technophobe light years ahead of my grandchildren. So thank you.

38:14 - Felix Context box What you mentioned. Actually, I never heard it. So far I think from you it's the first time but it's actually cool I think in this regard the context box is the prompt right where you build a context for example you can start a conversation with a question where we know for example let's ask fpa about the singularity tell and busters programm he wouldn't have any knowledge there because he don't have the data from it right use data until twenty thousand twenty one I think but you wouldn't know what we speak about, right?

38:44 - Felix So this is really important then as well. Like really, when we look on human conversations, this very much applies to our answer as well. Building context 1st Right? We touched on this already last session a little bit. He said prepare the conversation on the beginning, make sure The Chat in this regard has the right information because we have to assume Shed input equals Shed output. If we don't provide input, the answer will just be very general, but can't. Fit to our K. What do we actually want to get from I think also it's really important to mention, it's not the answer what matters, it's asking the right question, right?

39:27 - Felix The answer is a process itself.

39:28 - headelf is, it's asking, it's asking the right question. But and I can see, you know, political reasonings, how the all right And the left can skew the output just by putting in wrong input as a garbage in, garbage out type thing. I think I was struck by Steven's uh explanation, ambassadors Cadra and he had put in, I guesss he had trained it on three documents. Put information into up to a certain date. But m many things happened after that date. It didn't delve in.

40:15 - Felix You just muted yourself.

40:17 - headelf Yeah, sorry, new computer, I don't know, it's a IBM. I figured I'd put Google on that and keep it away from my apple. Since they don't play well in the sandbox together. Yeah, I'm just starting to, I'm really trying to get into this, I'm trying to dive, dive deep. And I paid attention to Steven's letter with the dates and what the response was from the Chat Bt, and I also found it interesting. The response that just read out is the mail voice. Charles referred to it as she the other day, and took some some criticism for it.

41:01 - headelf Usually when you talk about a ship, a machine, a model, it's, it's always in the feminine. So and, and even our phones, you typically are female. Voice. So why was that response? Male voice Why? Why the masculine, do you think? And I I digress I apologize.

41:22 - David think. I think there's two things here. There is multiple voices in order to use, but it's actually quite a big problem that so much of the data is from is non inclusive of, females and non normal white Caucasian people. I think it's an it's an ongoing question for the AI community about how do you make that information inclusive for everyone.

42:02 - headelf Apparently you don't. You won't be able to do it in Texas and Florida and the Un. If you're up on current events over here. I'm sorry. Fuck the politicians in those two states. Don't get.

42:21 - Felix all good, all good on me. Also looking on the time, oh my, this is just going so fast each time. Fack of uh, actually want to capture quite some authors, but I think it's good to keep it really small and easy for the beginning. So I hope in 1st one we got a little bit more understanding, okay, what is the Llm? And a little bit about the history before. Thanks a lot for the Steven then a little bit on prompts. What is a prompt actually? Thanks a lot to for the insights there as well and then contacts W door and thanks Gpt for figuring out this.

42:57 - Felix One and eleven. Let next up would then be to say, okay now as we maybe understands collectively a little bit more about some major things. David has a really nice idea that we would open breakout rooms and there would be some criteria to it which actually nice. David, do you, do you want to say what what your envision there.

43:25 - David I would love to. I'm just um. Playing an image to kind of demonstrate an idea if you want Se. I will put yeah,

43:42 - Felix And for in and even for in between we planned some five minutes five ten minutes pause for everybody to crap a coffee or something to drink to go to toilet before we're moving into next section all right you will get the what do you have the ice cream.

43:44 - David yeah.

44:01 - Tevo Saks Yes.

44:05 - David Yeah, maybe we can just take a few minutes break now and then I can introduce you as we, as we step into it. Sounds great.

44:19 - Felix Les Ten some minutes of Let's Say We Meet at 50 nice So 6 min. Shall we?

44:34 - David Okay.

44:41 - Tevo Saks and I are taking a break.

44:50 - Peter Elfrink I would say so.

44:53 - Tevo Saks Fire. I'll be there.

44:58 - Peter Elfrink I'm not sure how much beyond the full hour I can stay around, but uh, we'll see, actually funny that uh, the normal chat Gpt s are not Gpt F. Already knows quite a bit about the Ambassador program.

45:23 - Tevo Saks I think Kibo does have lot of data to screen.

45:29 - Peter Elfrink well I thought they restricted it maybe that's a restriction that got lifted but they restricted it to twenty twenty one and before. So then how would it know? Because it wasn't the thing back then.

45:45 - Rojo They're lying tools, Peter.

45:46 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, it must be. Or maybe it's based on an earlier iteration of the Ambassador program, which was not successful, but it was only very short lived, so I don't think there even was a blog post about that, so was only internal puzzling.

46:06 - Rojo Can you ask who are Thess? Can you name me some ambassadors in the programme?

46:22 - Peter Elfrink If he brings our names, I'm gonna be confused a little bit. I don't have access to real time information on who are the current ambassadors of the Ambassador program. You can, however, visit the website or social media comes to find out more blah, blah, blah.

46:50 - Tevo Saks I think what it's actually doing is it knows what is singular to it and it kind of knows what are ambassadors like, Usually they are in different communities and it's just trying to put these two things together.

47:14 - Peter Elfrink Yeah,

47:14 - Tevo Saks Ambassadors include Ben Got and De S You Making Up.

47:14 - Peter Elfrink I think. It's telling me, it was started but similar it in a team which is led by the Dr., Bangerz, so blah, blah, blah.

47:31 - Tevo Saks in my view and what I'm it says as of my knowledge cut off in september twenty twenty one some of current cul ambassadors consult and send you on.

47:45 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, fair, Well, some of these names make sense, others not.

47:50 - Tevo Saks Too many to pass. What there is to be.

47:56 - Peter Elfrink I think that's accurate. The fet them more.

48:01 - Felix Yes.

48:02 - Tevo Saks That spinner pot. Rec Renaming.

48:05 - Peter Elfrink Humanity Plus, no, it's um, not, it's a educational institute on yet Transhumanism. And you write at the plus in the, yeah, that's the one. But honestly, no clue how active they are right now. So yeah, I don't know. And I do think Ben was, if you click on team somewhere, it will show Ben's chair at some point.

49:04 - Tevo Saks A P. From this.

49:06 - Stephen - QA-DAO I found a vary in response to that question depending on the context provided to it. From our G books. If I ask the question via Lens, which is based on Gtp four,

49:20 - Peter Elfrink Correct.

49:21 - Stephen - QA-DAO I think then the Ambassadors G Book will provide a more a more informed response than the archived Git book because the archived Gi book doesn't contain any explanatory context about the ambassadors, whereas the ambassadors G does. I can screen share that if you like as well, but the Generated this response from the camera. So that's the response from the Ambassadors program, which has been trained or which has content related to the Ambassadors program. So it will give them this.

50:14 - Stephen - QA-DAO You know, it's a decentralized, community driven initiative that provides a platform for individuals, but it's taking some of that context from What We've Written Ourselves about Ourselves. And it's also I, you know, suggesting like what is the purpose, how many ambassadors groups are there? I can sort of, I'm not sure if it's gonna respond to any of that particularly.

50:40 - Peter Elfrink Does this one know who are involved?

50:42 - Stephen - QA-DAO Yeah, I mean this is based on the ambassador's G book. Pe Peter So the Well, I can't remember if I've actually included that data in the Gi Book, but if it's it, yeah, here we go. So there are several work groups and guilds. These include Marketing Guild,

50:58 - Peter Elfrink Hey.

51:00 - Stephen - QA-DAO Treasury, Gal Process, Gill Strategy Guild, et The exact number of grills is not specified in the provided context and see, so there's kind of interesting limitations there. So when I, that's part of the reason why I'm interested in the archiving approach, because the archiving, we archive. The way we do it will inform how the Lem reads it, you know. So I have to do really weird things like, Explicit like like for example when you host a meeting I have to say this meeting was hosted hosted by Peter Alfred Okay, yeah, so, so it knows the context, you know, so that that way I can go back through the archive and just pick out all the meets and then I can say then I can ask it a follow up question, how many meetings were hosted by Pizza, the kind of thing, you know?

51:55 - Peter Elfrink Yes, sir.

52:03 - Felix is pretty accurate already. Already. It's really nice stuff. Ste.

52:11 - Stephen - QA-DAO a bit,

52:11 - Felix Should.

52:12 - Stephen - QA-DAO I'm a bit fussy, it seems really, because it I Yeah, I mean it works well on a small, discreet subject like, the ambassador's git book because in Gas Gsb git book is like a little guide book. So it's very, the context is quite limited because all it is is just what do the ambassadors do, who the work groups are. So that's quite a good model to train on if we want to give it to people. 1st of all, the archive is a completely differ matic. As the archive It is harder to train on because it's the entire history of the Ambassadors program, so that's a lot more variables.

53:00 - Felix Maybe we can line down a little bit on the documentation we create maybe also via the treasure and accounting system for example to make it most comfortable for archive, and get poket general to be consumed by it all.

53:20 - Stephen - QA-DAO The minimum which everyone could do be really helpful is if you have a meeting, just do a text summary in a couple of sentences. And try and keep it standard, like this meeting was hosted by David or this meeting was hosted by Tivo Sax on this date. Okay, the someth that we talked about this, this and this, okay, or something like and then that would be really helpful because then we could use it as a kind of audit trail and also would answer questions like how many meetings has Tiva hosted or or we could say make it thematic, like what sort, what were the types of meetings that Tiva hosted, like what, what, what did he talk about,

54:01 - Peter Elfrink No.

54:01 - Stephen - QA-DAO you know, that kind of thing.

54:03 - Felix I could imagine this for proposal implementation. A It actually AI who reads all the documentation and can always say to everybody Wheres project Alex on execution, It's actually really cool stuff, but anyway we are over the 50 and the take everybody back yes. David The with the playout rooms. If you want, I can set up the playout rooms then. Don't worry on that.

54:39 - David sounds great nice um I'll introduce the task that we'll do today how many we got here we got eight real people Crono is AI. It's great, so. Uh yeah I'll introduce a bit what we're gonna do in the breakout rooms and then uh we'll have like half an hour to go in there maybe twenty five minutes and then come back for ten minutes um at the end to share what we've done and so the challenge is in the breakout rooms is to Only use AI tools within your group, as much AI tools as possible. And so what you're gonna do is choose a idea, or a product within the singularity in that ecosystem that inspires you.

55:40 - David You're going to content for this, however. To do whatever your product aims to do, it has to fail at it really badly. And I will give you an example, couple of things. Here. So this is taken from, I think, so here you'll see like some adverse is it a shed is it a hat it's both it's neither it's a sht a revolutionary uh shed hat that's taken from fashion and gardening industry by storm um do you want to stop being gullible find out how pay four thousand to this sexual temperance spoon. You have Yorkshire condoms, which are condoms flavored in trip and vinegar, Yorkshire pudding, or parkin.

56:49 - David You, you have a advert to shop online while drunk starts tonight. You want a new challenge, retrain as a swan for a two day course. So As an inspiration, I will, I will stop sharing now. I will post this slide show in the chat, Take in the chat, take it as inspiration for your group, to make an AI to make something for the singularity in that ecosystem. That's really bad and let's have some fun using some AI tools. Whilst to, yeah, now we'll go into the breakout rooms, I'll paste the the presentation there and then we have twenty five minutes shall we say to something within our groups and then we're going to come back and show it to the others without further ado.

57:56 - Felix Wait what? What we maybe want to say already. Who would like to Because ideally we would have maybe two people or three people in several rooms, would like to propose a topic already for which room or our room.

58:09 - David Yeah.

58:17 - Tevo Saks I thought I'm gonna share the secret in the baker room that if nobody has a topic, that's fast check.

58:27 - Felix It's a really good start. No topic room.

58:34 - headelf One of the I. This doesn't apply to this ecosystem. I don't know how we could adapt it. But one of the greatest marketing failures was when Chevy introduced a car into Spanish speaking countries and kept the same name. It was very, very popular in the English speaking world because it was small and economical, and it was called the Nova But when Nova went to Spanish speaking countries, no one wanted a car that said No go. And it failed. So I don't know if you could adapt that somehow that that to me is disastrous was disastrous.

59:18 - David That's great. Nicee guys. Do we mind uh what breakout room in or shall we just nice?

59:27 - Felix Yes.

59:29 - David Felix You sound like you have an idea.

59:34 - Felix I would love to fail on 1st approaches on wrapping up the governance documents. So actually messing up governance documents.

59:50 - Tevo Saks Random.

59:54 - David cool. I think uh, we should get started. Would you like to pass in the breakout rooms? Felix? Or we just,

1:00:07 - Felix just opened, and Tivo. We have a tivo if if you would like to when you're in your room I think I wait you now you have co host would could you record on so.

1:00:22 - cran I want,

1:00:22 - Felix Please, please, please what we also I do.

1:00:24 - cran I want to be on Red Ai's team.

1:00:26 - Felix I do also record the You are ready?

1:00:38 - Peter Elfrink I think yeah. Practically speaking, for me this won't work out. I don't have another half an hour right now, before the treasury meeting starts, I do need to shop. Yeah, so on a practical note, don't count me, I think.

1:00:52 - David All right, dude, all right. Shall we make sure to vo the uh Felix that there's four uh three and four, or I'll just let everyone else go in, and I'll I'll fill in. Okay, Nice.

1:01:14 - Felix Yeah, that's writers Fitz Equal.

1:01:19 - David Do you like to join a room? Steven Cran?

1:01:30 - Stephen - QA-DAO Sorry, M appears a bit slow, so.

1:01:39 - David Hey.