Onboarding 
Tue. May 2, 2023

0:18 - SingularityNET Hey Roger, thanks for getting the meeting started.

0:23 - Ambassadors SingularityNET That is David.

0:25 - SingularityNET Confusing There's multiple people with the same account.

0:29 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Man W.

0:31 - SingularityNET My real name is not singular to that. Got to admit.

0:34 - Ambassadors SingularityNET My name is not really David it's Fly.

0:38 - SingularityNET The blood thickens.

0:49 - Peter Should be a easy way of changing your discipline. Name, but I not sure if it's that rename. There you go. How we all the moon.

1:17 - Fly I'm good. I'm really good. Sipping on some tea. Have you a nice afternoon? There's a cat very close to me.

1:29 - Peter So.

1:31 - Fly Ma'am.

1:37 - Peter I used to have a cut around lit.

1:43 - SucrenSpice Hi. Good afing everybody.

1:45 - Peter Hey, hello.

1:48 - Fly Yo yo yo.

1:49 - Tommy Frey Hello, Sugar. Sugar.

1:53 - SucrenSpice I'm fine, thank you. How are you guys doing?

2:00 - cran Hey? Doing pretty good.

2:03 - SucrenSpice Great, Okay, do we start?

2:20 - Peter Yeah, we for sure can, check before uh, starting. Do we, do we record this session or do we go with eye or.

2:39 - SucrenSpice record anyone, anyone could work. What do you think that?

2:50 - Peter That was not really clear to me. I did catch the words record, but not sure if it was yes or no.

2:56 - Fly Yes, for coding.

2:58 - Peter read this, but like, for like Youtube, it's not.

3:03 - Fly Yes.

3:06 - Peter You are recording them. Bye.

3:11 - SucrenSpice Okay.

3:12 - Fly Yeah, I am. Stop.

3:21 - Peter Yeah, it, it shows recording, but that's just one red AI is active. The video resulting from that is, not high enough quality to put on your tub.

3:29 - Fly clicked the button Record.

3:32 - Peter Don't.

3:34 - Fly Independently every day, I just clicked the button record and upload the cloud.

3:51 - Peter All right, should be good. The club does be, that is lower quality than local and than applaud, but yeah.

4:12 - Fly We go.

4:21 - SucrenSpice Welcome everybody to our Pioneer and Boden work group meeting to have you all here and um, just a moment, get the documents use for this. I want. Please put this up. Share the screen so we can see. Are you Ty?

5:01 - Peter Yeah, absolutely, go for the shirt.

5:03 - SucrenSpice Okay. Who is hosting this crime? Is that you?

5:30 - Fly I can show from here.

5:32 - SucrenSpice Okay, please do.

5:56 - Rojo Peter Before we start, I wanted to ask about something. So there is this, there is this uh, Twitter account that is named Singularity Net and it keeps tagging me on some uh, steak in beta launch or something that.

6:13 - Peter Hm yeah, there would be a scam account. Best you can do is uh, block that user and then they can't contact you anymore.

6:20 - Rojo it does have a lot of followers I guess that's fake followers twenty thousand or something.

6:26 - Peter yeah they invested like fifteen dollars into that it's uh yeah it's it's silly but uh yeah that that's perfect.

6:36 - Rojo Yeah, I see.

6:39 - Zoom user You can report the tweets of misinformation, see if Twitter it all you can do.

6:45 - Fly Get ready for impersonations Brow.

6:53 - SucrenSpice All right.

6:53 - Tommy Frey All right.

6:56 - SucrenSpice Okay, so we have this document which we are trying to put together for the onboarding process. 1st of all the perquisites that we need to have, you just need to have an educational content on the ecosystem. You need to decide if you're going to have go with a G book, which Steven is preparing. Do something different just for the onboarding. We also have to decide if we want to test the applicants either by quiz or intervene. The 1st, the 1st thing is that when ambas, okay, I'll call and recruits.

7:45 - SucrenSpice When you come into the program, the eider come through the on boarded form, which can be found in an article on medium, which I think put up, put up last year. They joined this call directly, which we've seen a number of persons joining just this afternoon. So this, this meeting is just going to be a discus, a discussion for us to decide what, how we want this Embden process to be. If they get the form and the field, the form, it's relating to a spreadsheet. So we get. All the information that they have filled in And then if we come to this code, it's either they get to the Getting Started channel or the Introduction channel.

8:33 - SucrenSpice So which particular one we want was was the best way forward for. Thoughts anybody. Hello.

8:56 - Peter Yeah, I do have initial thought would be, I guesss uh, when people, figure out that, sign up form. I think there's also mentioned to, to visit the discard. So I think we should um, kind of aim at, at having the Getting Started channels. It feels to me like a natural very 1st starting point because I find myself at least on this cour. If somebody is like, hey, how can I join? Like, well getting started is the way to go. I think it's, let me quickly check. I think it's pretty accurate currently, but it does need constant monitoring and, and updates if, if needed.

9:44 - SucrenSpice Okay.

9:47 - Tommy Frey Peter.

9:47 - Peter wd.

9:49 - Tommy Frey happened today, that one channel, it was like all of a sudden got hit with five or seven people all wanting ambassador roles. Instead of having to manually ask, a spoof like that. Is there some way we, sugar, uh Peter, can we, automate that or have pin to the top of the channel, maybe the Getting Started link.

10:18 - Peter I can definitely pin it if it's not pinned yet. I'm not sure what cost that. Look like somebody started, some kind of social campaign or something because it was all within 1 h, like directly asking for please, I need the ambassador tag. S Yeah, I'm not too sure what constant.

10:44 - Fly it's quite interesting. I do think that like it's quite important for me when I come into a community that is a real person there to answer as much as these things are nice to automate. Like if we are automating replies to spammy like messages like that, then it doesn't give us the opportunity to actually like call them out and ask them like real questions or like say, hey, you can contribute as like speaking as a real person, hey, you can contribute and the other channels get started, come to the meetings and I think like With a lot this spammy stuff, it's, it's easy to be kind of like to all of it, but like it takes extra energy to actually put ourselves out there and like try to be genuine and try to like turn people from spammy contributors into like community members.

11:43 - Fly But I think it's important. It's, I think it's, it's really nice to have people like Scna when, when you come in, yeah.

11:59 - cran I really liked the idea that somebody had maybe a couple months ago for onboarding where I think we talked about it in process where at least once a month we would kind of have like a,

12:02 - Peter Hey.

12:06 - SucrenSpice P or.

12:11 - cran a meet up where ambassadors could get together and all the new people. Were looking to become ambassadors could come like hang out and you know, we could kind of ask questions and stuff like that, but it would be cool if it was more just like laid back talking about the program. I, I feel like the easiest way to update people is to get them in a meeting instead of like text space. And there's all different forms, of course with like phrase doing the Gi book, that's great too. But if you get people into a meeting and they're like, Oh, I'm interested in X, or Z, then you can show them where they fit in the program or how they could help start something in the program.

12:54 - SucrenSpice great. I also buy that idea to be nice to have them. Together.

13:03 - cran Hello.

13:04 - SucrenSpice We're going with Getting Started channel. That means we need to have It needs to be updated. We need to have some things that they need to do because I think the Getting Started channel just has the difference between times and not so much information the, the recruits are more interested in what can I do, how do I contribute, what kind of talks to is needed or what can I do, what kind of talk can I do? So maybe we could have something. Maybe the 1st day W tax, the other day W tax, which is the Darlings or the Ambassador ba one of any of those could be there for them just to to start, and before they join, for them to join the meetings and all that.

13:54 - SucrenSpice So. Peter Um, I wanted to ask this earlier about is a good time. Do we have a number of ambassador recruits we are looking to have, let's say in a month or in a quarter? You know.

14:17 - Peter Sorry, I'm not getting the question. A number of ambassadors them.

14:21 - SucrenSpice not ambassadors, No, I don't know what to call them. The, the newbies before they come into the program here, is there a particular number? Do we, do we have a maximum number of presents that will be needed in, in the quarter? And then like, like other ambassador programs, they They could decide to have like 30 new persons coming to the program for a quarter and after that they close the program, maybe open it up again after six months or so. So that's what I wanted to know.

14:53 - Peter No sure um. Well, right now we don't uh, we don't have that like a, like a cap or, or a maximum, for, for new journals, we, we don't have that, I'm kind of inclined to 1st hit that, the, the point where it's too much and then put a maximum, but curious to hear what other, just think if we, if we should have a maximum. Like, practically speaking, we, we count, have hundreds of people join, that's, that becomes just, well, not right now at least, but yeah, I'm not sure if we're hitting any practical limits right now.

15:35 - Fly I guess one immediate thing I think that we have like over three hundred people who have previously like written in that they're interested and I think A great, a great task from boarding, not just to like be there for the people coming into the ecosystem right now, but to chase up on these people who have taken the time to write, about themselves and introduce themselves. Reach out. And because I think the work groups, could be bigger, could have more contributors. And I, I am also quite interested in this.

16:19 - Fly Okay, what if we push it? Where is that point in which a guild or a work group needs to split like a, like a cell into two? I think there's definitely lot opportunity for kind of getting those people who have already, who we've already got. Logged in our system.

16:43 - Zoom user Yeah, it would be nice to have a follow up and at least invite them into the meetings somehow from their form.

16:56 - Peter Yeah, definitely. I mean in a way it's straightforward, right? We have the email addresses and can just email them. Looking at the screen makes me wonder should we have things in place before we should do that, or. Wouldn't that be needed?

17:17 - SucrenSpice I think, I think we should have some things in place if depending on how we want to go, looking at the onboard outline, the feel of form, the, the form takes, to express we have their emails, if you're going to email them, then what's the next step? Do they have to do a test, which means they have to read something, they have to know about something before they can do the test, or do we need to have an interview with them? One on one interview then and in my, in my opinion, I think an interview is best.

17:51 - SucrenSpice It makes them feel welcome because they have somebody talking to them and From the interview, you can be able to determine what work group will best fit for them.

18:09 - cran Maybe we could set up a time or two, once every month, like in two different time zones for ambassadors, that the time zone fits a little bit better for people to come and just kind of meet and chat could be something we do and then yeah, the the Getting Started channel could, could use an update. Maybe we can get a person or two together to work on the Getting Started channel, like I, I don't see the writers and video in there. It be kind of good to let content creators know like what the track is to get into those groups and now education is starting to meet, so I would get updated a bit.

19:03 - SucrenSpice Yeah, cool, Any other Th?

19:12 - cran some sort of quiz isn't a bad idea. Like Alex had a piece Centronics on Discord, he had a cool quiz example that he was working on. Maybe, maybe we want, might want to think about some sort of like real easy going leveling system, like just to get a person from level zero to level one. Maybe it could open up some more channels in the Ambassador program, unless we want them always all exposed. But I'm just kind of thinking of a scenario. If we email that list and we get like a massive influx of people or something, it would be nice to have Some sort of process to get people from level zero to level one, even if it's not, not too complicated or anything like that.

19:56 - cran Just something simple to kind of filter out the people that are just, yeah, spamming, looking for the role or something like that.

20:12 - Tommy Frey Could we use uh, town wall breakout room, say the 1st? Week of every month or the last week of every month and bring all those prospects or people into a, a town hall or I'm not after town hall, a town hall breakout room and answer questions and

20:43 - cran That sounds like a great idea, some something, something along those lines. Seems like it would work out really good if you did the start or the end of the month like you said. You had to do a breakout room where people can chat and then maybe if you know, somebody just seems really passionate about something, they can get into it, whether that's like video or writers or education or whatever.

21:10 - Peter There's the practical thing is that it would overlap with the Process guild, but only, except like the new ones probably wouldn't join the process Guilt because that's pretty in depth. The person facilitating that I wouldn't mind doing in after town hall like that. I would feel a bit bad about missing the process. Guilt.

21:35 - Fly Is a pre talent thing, like half an hour before people can come and we can just ask and introduce, answer any questions.

21:46 - Peter That's actually feels to me like it makes more sense than afterwards.

21:58 - cran Yeah, it's a good idea. I think that's what you did actually fly like your, your 1st week or something like that. I think you wanted to meet 30 min before town hall and yeah, a voice, a voice conversation with somebody is just so much easier to update them on stuff. That way you aren't giving them like unnecessary information or anything like that.

22:23 - Peter It's also nice for uh, collecting potential, issues that need to be covered during the tunnel, to have a little pre session, it's, that would be different than introduction on new members, of course, at the same time I do, yeah, in a way, I guess it's a good sign, but I barely get any requests for like, this needs to be discussed, concretely during the town hall.

22:50 - Fly There almost used to be time for that towards the end, but as we've kind of been building out, we struggled to get all the updates in during the town hall.

23:03 - Peter I guess that also kind of like most of the topic topics that need to be discussed have their work group, covering potentially that topic, but I quite like this, suggestion of starting half an hour earlier. Just keep it casual, not recorded, just intro and and check in like dinner.

23:28 - Fly Should we do it every month, every two weeks, every week?

23:38 - Peter Good question.

23:41 - SucrenSpice Two weeks for me.

23:47 - Peter No, I don't mind. Every two weeks at the same time. It creates this um, hassle of like remembering which week it is and if it's this week.

23:55 - Fly Hey. It could be half an hour every week, and we keep it as a hangout where it's, where it's not just or newbies, what's your questions? But it's like our skies can just turn out, there can be, there can be new bees and old, and we can all mix together.

24:33 - SucrenSpice Okay, we've agreed that we'll have a town hall, Hang out 30 min before to who meeting thats every week. Is that right?

24:48 - Fly I'm not sure we reached consensus, but maybe perhaps you want to call out that.

24:53 - SucrenSpice Okay? All right. So maybe, maybe we start it. Hello.

25:10 - Tommy Frey The beginning or the end of the month, and that gives prospect a ecosystem.

25:23 - Peter I'm having trouble on audio side there. I'm, I'm not sure if it's me or me or you.

25:31 - cran Yeah, you were cutting out just a little bit head off. The only thing about meeting 30 min early I guess is since we're doing it on Zoom now, would we do the 30 min before on Zoom or Hop in Discord or what do you guys think about that?

25:53 - Kevin I'm sure I.

26:03 - cran Hope he got kicked. Are you guys still there?

26:07 - Peter I am.

26:09 - SucrenSpice They're still here.

26:11 - Peter I got a feeling, both Tommy and Kevin are in the same place and perhaps Wifi isn't too great there.

26:28 - cran Yeah, I guess it doesn't matter if it's on Zoom. I guess the only thing that would be kind of limited, doing the 30 min before on Zoom is you need a, an ambassador account to start the meeting or to be there. So maybe could be a discord, or something like that.

26:46 - Peter Yeah, I like that. Keeps it casual as well. Hope we do. Just a 1st channel. Not quite like that, but also we don't have to set something up for the next year and do it like that. Like clearly if, if we come across some practical stuff that makes us realize another approach is better. We can pretty easily swipe,

27:04 - SucrenSpice Yes.

27:06 - Peter I would say,

27:08 - Fly Like that, I think is is a good opportunity to kind of onboard people onto Zoom when they're kind of perhaps not. Wouldn't do it anyway. Wouldn't just jump on.

27:27 - cran What does the 1st Dw task look like again? I'll pull it up on my screen.

27:36 - SucrenSpice Like an introduction of yourself and submitting your portfolio.

28:06 - Fly It is quite similar to the Google Form questions. I wonder if we can optimize so we don't ask people to write it all out again.

28:22 - SucrenSpice Yeah, that's true. It's also like the introductions channel.

28:32 - Fly When we just get them to write it on, get one piece of text and just write it on all of them. It feels a bit like making people jump through loops.

28:59 - SucrenSpice So we should stick to one, the tax introductions channel or just the phone. My problem is if, if they, for instance, they see the Fm on medium and they fill it up and they come into the discord when they get to Getting Started, the Getting Started channel tells them to introduce themselves again in the introduction channel. That's, and then we tell them to do the dew tax 1st the tax which is supposed to introduce them to do work. They repeat the thing all over again. So we need to decide which one we want.

29:46 - SucrenSpice Pm caters to those who are not yet into the Dis Code, who might do to browse in through medium and then come across it. So, guys, what do you think?

30:25 - Peter looking at, well, just when you were scrolling this whole list of um, spin offs to, That makes it huge. Like I can imagine people not being interested in all of them. By definition, some people would be. It makes me wonder if um. That's really needed.

30:53 - Fly Maybe we could like we could challenge them to find out one thing or like find out a bit about one project and share during a meeting or something.

31:07 - SucrenSpice Something like Which one? Which one catches your fancy? Which of the projects?

31:16 - Kevin No, I am looking at this right now and it's the 1st time I've got to, but I do see. Maybe education and I'm going to work together on some of these intros, New Net, Hyper cycle and uh, so we're not duplicating work, kind of work together on building those out.

31:41 - SucrenSpice I think, like I, eight to 18, which is the introduction to the various projects, should be in the good book or educational course which is being prepared. I don't know how far. They go through. The ecosystem overview, which is number four, highlights just an introduction to each of the projects. You can see the website there if you want to know more.

32:13 - Kevin Sorry, my audio is a little spotty, but I think the Get book is going to be kind of a central repository for a lot of what we're doing, and I may even kind of see it as a Not quite a neural net, but and onboard and going from one subject to the other. Is pretty convenient and powerful, but if we can figure out a way to tie that stuff into the leveling up from zero to one, that might be a nice way to do it.

32:48 - Peter that's cool, I do see that, discussion notes, mentioning, rewards, for, for people completing which. In a way, I wouldn't want it to complicate things. And then my initial thought is like, I'm not sure how this works, would it complicate things? We do have, discard roles for potentially keeping track of things and we could tie in N Fts. At the same time, I'm not sure. Yeah, okay, well the, the avoidable, yeah, clearly not, quite decided on this.

33:57 - cran What do you all think about having a channel after people do the 1st task? And then if we decide on some form of a quiz or whatever we decide, the next step is then creating. Like an ambassador chat for people that pass those steps, then they can see it and enter it type of thing. That might just give us like a more direct channel to people that are kind of more serious about taking steps to get into the programm and participating. Or do you think that's too much? It's kind of like the incubation idea is, you know, having at least some sort of white filter.

34:40 - cran That way you can separate the people that are asking when role from the people that are actually like man. I've been in the Singularity Net ecosystem. I want this to take off and put in some work.

35:02 - Peter I like it. No.

35:03 - Fly It is time.

35:04 - SucrenSpice I like that.

35:05 - Fly this badge Un award is a public badge that's available if you basically, if you like, The The Singularity Ne Ambassador Twitter.

35:32 - Peter you mean it a checks for that, or.

35:35 - Fly Im a shame.

36:06 - Kevin A cur. What are we using these badges for?

36:15 - cran Think right now it's more just experimentals. Been messing around with the badges?

36:37 - Kevin I just wonder there's no real I mean anybody can claim an Ambassador bench, right? Or would you needed an invite from us?

36:53 - Fly No, you need to have liked the Singularity Net Ambassador Twitter So this is the parameter that I've set, but you can also do it in. In other ways I can show you. Start another, then.

37:16 - Kevin I just wonder how it relates to scams and scammers and such. If there's, if we're not opening ourselves up for like, if somebody claims it bad actor of some sort, can they use it to trick people into thinking they're part of it without us necessarily gas approve.

37:43 - Fly Well. Like there's, I guess. I guess anyone can get a Jpeg of the Singularity Ambassador program and put it on an N Ft minting platform and mint their own N Ft and then say, Hey, look at my N Ft, I'm a Singularity Ambassador. On some level, everyone can do that.

38:20 - Rojo How do you see the goal of, of these uh, patches, like uh, use case, let's say, for them.

38:28 - Fly I guess the use case is with this one has been to get people to like our Singularity and Ambassador program. So like some like 60 people who Let's go to it. You get the stat. Fifty six people have claimed it most of which yeah we have some people native on the platform and then some people who have joined through this dew task but it can be used for different things so for instance when When we start doing this, Twitter spaces, you can create a badge, for a Twitter space. So if I start with that.

39:28 - Fly Participants of this space will be able to claim your badge. So then they'll pull the data of who was in the Twitter space and then you can claim that badge. So this is. Really nice. They're kind of in beta. They're building out all of these. Different platforms soon. Soon it'll be integrated into Linkedin. Discord quite well, can have roles, server users. So this is a real way we could use Discord roles to create these badges, which you can claim as. Which you can claim on these six chains.

40:22 - Fly So they don't have Cardan. We have this option as well, which we can make them into Nfs for free using their platform if necessary.

40:38 - Rojo Are you sure it's for free? I don't think that's the case.

40:42 - Fly What do you mean it's for freee? Yeah, I know it's for free.

40:45 - Rojo You know, it's Ok.

40:48 - Fly Yeah, I've, I've minted uh, badges into Nf Ts many times.

40:54 - Rojo On on which? No, but it's like,

40:58 - Fly What do you want?

40:59 - Rojo So you don't get the Mts in your wallet.

41:02 - Fly Yeah, I get that car in my wallet.

41:06 - Rojo Interesting which chain, if you don't mind sharing?

41:11 - Fly Ethereum polygon Arbitrary B Uh I It onto five here.

41:12 - Rojo No, no, the one that you used personally. the one that you used. Person. And you don't pay for gas Fee is nothing.

41:31 - Fly yeah, yeah, there is gas.

41:33 - Rojo Okay.

41:36 - Fly I can show you if you would like,

41:39 - Rojo No, I was just wondering because it, it's nice. I mean, yeah, you pay for gas fees, but if the chain doesn't have, I mean, besides Ethereum, I guess for the other chains that should be fine.

42:00 - Fly For instance, It's not syncing up there, but yeah, this is like a really great platform to, to build out content. Using their platform. I've got this like pro thing which enables like use of tools to turn an image into a Gif and things. I definitely recommend checking out.

42:41 - Peter Cool, looking at the clock, let's maybe. Move on from the nifty topic.

42:51 - SucrenSpice Yeah, right.

42:54 - Peter You didn't really get a conclusion. Perhaps we should, but maybe we can work to this now.

43:01 - Fly I mean, if you don't mind, I mean, this is something that a few people who are interested can kind of get together, have a little ad hoc meeting and like start playing around with experimenting.

43:16 - cran Yeah, it's probably a good idea. Get a little work group together. There's a couple different platforms people have been talking about using Fts. My only thing is I, I hate, I mean it, it seems almost necessary right now, but in the space like we're using Dw where you have to tie your discord or like something to everything, I, I hate that, but I think that's just a lack of, of tooling right now for, for Dows to communicate and everything.

43:56 - Fly It's interesting.

43:59 - Peter Well, you do need some type of identifier, right? And I guess, practically speaking, discard is what you said right now.

44:07 - Fly Spread telegram on some level.

44:17 - SucrenSpice All right.

44:17 - cran I wish.

44:19 - SucrenSpice yeah, go ahead.

44:22 - cran No, it's not really on topic. I was going to say I wish some rich crypto project or something would buy Discord and enable like end to end encryption and make it legit for the web Web three space.

44:37 - SucrenSpice Cool. I think we missed something. Like could please go up a bit. Rogo The video you made for How to Use the Work.

45:13 - Rojo yeah, that was kind of, yeah, that's a good reminder actually. Well, I don't know, I was waiting for Fly because. He made I, I don't know if that's accurate, but I think he made a suggestion to make another video that would be, with human voice believe something this, I don't

45:36 - Fly I actually already made it. I totally forgot. I can upload it today.

45:41 - Rojo Well, let's see it 1st.

45:43 - Fly Ma'am, I'm gona out blow up, to welcome you guys feedback.

45:49 - Rojo All right, thank you.

45:53 - SucrenSpice All right, Nice, Okay, so. They get to the 1st detox. I would suggest they watch the video on how to carry out to the 1st day of tax. That should come before they actually do the 1st day of tax. Okay, I don't know if maybe I got that wrong there.

46:19 - Rojo sugar.

46:20 - SucrenSpice yeah,

46:20 - Rojo If,

46:20 - SucrenSpice sorry.

46:20 - Rojo if you don't mind me asking uh how, how do you suggest to organize these steps so that it's accessible to a newcomer? Maybe I missed that point. Is it like a website, Is it a wiki or what Do you suggest.

46:37 - SucrenSpice all right. Those the steps are basically for the, for the boarder, the one who is doing the on boarding, like these are the steps we, they need to follow, for. For them, for the new person coming in.

47:02 - Rojo It would be communicated by a person not.

47:07 - SucrenSpice Personal, I I feel communicating with the person will be better, but at the same time if we have lots of people, it could actually be a problem trying to reach out to, to so many of them within a short period of time probably make it into a document the better or a slide.

47:25 - Rojo Hey. maybe maybe steven can help with make it like of integrating this into like a kind of a wiki like thing where you have the steps the links and everything is like compacted in a in a page or two you can still do the the the p two p thing but uh just to refer people to like a place where they have every link and everything.

47:57 - SucrenSpice okay. Yeah Peter you want the the ecosystem to be step one. I I think in the form there's something about this To you go to pull up the foam plains Fs.

48:18 - Peter Hey. Yeah, I'm not sure if it's in that form, but uh, maybe it's in, It's just like I was just trying to visualize. Like you sign up, you put some information about yourself and the very 1st thing is you needed to watch a video about how G Work works. It's like not the most inspiring in a way.

48:57 - SucrenSpice the farm. The farm has an article which is, which talks about the various projects in the ecosystem. So I don't know if that's that that's good enough, or.

49:11 - Fly It could be that we asked people to watch a couple of the latest town halls. I mean, that was one of the ways I kind of got familiar with the programme when I joined. That's really helpful. Did anyone else go here?

49:31 - SucrenSpice For some questions.

49:34 - Fly did any.

49:35 - Rojo Fly fair enough. Actually, I did a similar thing. So I, I think that's a good way to start, to be honest. It was a similar thing for me. I watched a couple of videos from the Youtube channel, then joined the life, just listening, then started talking, and basically that's how it works.

49:59 - Peter just to confirm that that article linked in the form. So before you can uh, even start filling in the form, that's the current, one that's on screen, was on screen for a 2nd, the ecosystem, no way this is. Yeah, this is well, in a way this, this could be even better because it's higher level. This is just really one or two sentences about every project in instead of a fully holistic approach of like, what is the whole singularity, that ecosystem? Because that's a lot to digest in a way that maybe a bit much for, before starting to fill in a farm.

50:48 - Peter But the way the current, determines steps one, yeah, this one, that, that has like, This link is also step four, so step one and four have the same article linked.

51:14 - Rojo Then how would you suggest going after the article? Would it be article quiz or just article? Then the video for the work and then you keep going.

51:26 - Fly Well, in a way, should be the 1st for people to just read a sentence. And then people should like read the article after that, perhaps.

51:50 - Peter Would they still be motivated after all that, to fill in a form. Articles a lot.

51:58 - Rojo Well, if you're really interested in singularity it, I think you probably have read it before, or you'd be interested in reading it otherwise. You're not in the right place, I think.

52:11 - Fly This is too much.

52:11 - cran For the form, are we talking about the sign up form, right?

52:18 - Peter Yeah, that.

52:19 - cran I, I'd say oh sorry for cutting off. I'd say the, I'd say the sign up form is almost optional. Like if you want to, you know, if you're in the discord already and you wanna hop to the 1st task, like you don't have to fill out a sign up form in my opinion. Could could be optional like in, in the steps it could, could be like, you know, here's some links to learn about Singularity Net. Here's the 1st step connecting your Dw to Discord. This is the reason that we use it. We're trying to mess around with task points.

52:58 - cran You get a little bit of a reward to do the 1st task. And then, yeah, if we wanted to talk to Alex or somebody to do like a little quiz that could maybe get them into an extra channel something

53:13 - Fly Hello. The thing is with this is that. We're kind of doing the startup at Web too. Like we're gonna like, we like there's a surface and then they're going to put all their information in and we're going to process it and see where they best best fit in this centralized, authoritative way. Or it is actually Wass more useful to the program is if they kind of like get familiar with the ecosystem or actually more specifically with the ambassador program, get familiar with some meetings and like come up with a suggestion of how they can apply their own skills because.

54:01 - Fly Like I don't think we have time to go through this list of three hundred people and like really have a ponder like okay where are they gonna exactly fit how is it all gonna fit together I think is what's most relevant is like who's gonna turn up to the meetings and who's gonna actually speak, who's gonna say what they feel and contribute and away and with their, with their handout,

54:27 - cran It's a good.

54:27 - Fly for someone.

54:33 - cran That's where it would be nice. Yeah, like whether it's the 1st or end of the month, but it would be good to have two different time zones for people. So people can make a meeting with at least one or two or a couple ambassadors to come hang out and just make sure the persons like, yeah, not, not scammy or just looking to be a Tast sniper, just get the roll type of thing.

55:04 - Rojo Can we get like a recap of what, what's happening now? Because I got a little bit confused, so there we were talking about steps,

55:10 - SucrenSpice Hi.

55:12 - Rojo but now we're going to what seems to be another way. I'm, I'm not sure and I got confused on the way, so I don't know. Perhaps Sucre And if you are clear on what happened, you can give us a recap of what's happening.

55:27 - SucrenSpice Oh yeah, we're trying to decide if the ecosystem overview be better if for the new recruits. The article so I don't know, I can remember who was of the opinion that they look at the ecosystem overview and then proceed to article and Pia was like it could be too much for them just coming in for the 1st time. So we try to decide on that and um. Also talking about how we could make it more decentralized, having them just do it by themselves and then, decide where they want to, where they want to fit in, to be able to contribute based on their skills.

56:12 - SucrenSpice So that's basically what we're talking about.

56:16 - Rojo I heard that the reading of the document might be Let's say a suggestion more than like, any enforced step as far as I understand, optional, okay, then if it's optional,

56:32 - SucrenSpice Like, I like optional.

56:33 - Rojo then I guess it should be included somewhere as a suggestive reading or something like that. Then we shouldn't talk about it as part of the onboarding because it's not a step. If it's not enforced, then it's not a step.

56:50 - SucrenSpice That was just a suggestion.

56:52 - Rojo Yeah, yeah, we comment on the suggestion, I guess. I, I, I, I think we should focus more on the steps that should be respected and should be take and if there should be no steps,

56:58 - Fly Hey.

57:05 - Rojo then there should be no steps. But we shouldn't talk about steps as being like optional because then there are not steps.

57:15 - SucrenSpice Ag was say. For me, I think they should, they should read, they should read the article and then I think a quiz would be good for them to before we can get them into the other channel which grand Io is suggested. So just move them from level zero to level one.

57:39 - Tommy Frey I'm not the 1st to suggest this if people have used a coin base before. On a regular basis have new projects come in and they have a little bit of an educational reading, very short, and then they give you a test. The end very simple. I think everybody passes the test. If you pass the test, you get like uh, three of their tokens. Which may not be a bad thing for the ecosystem because we want to onboard everybody into the system, but also the tokens. So if we give, you know, a little quiz. S net, you know, they get some Agx if it's on Rej, they get some more Gv if it's on new net, etc.

58:31 - Tommy Frey And it's a very simple, non threatening reading and test. I, I really like it and, and I've scored some really good coins off of it.

58:46 - Rojo Tommy would.

58:47 - Kevin More for me. Expert Some really good information.

58:56 - Rojo Tommy Your suggestion would be applicable to only the new on boards or or basically all the community. I'm still confused on that point. W Whether these things should happen for only the people coming from the, from the form that we are making or is it just open? Whoever pops up in the discord can do the thing. And therefore, like that.

59:21 - Tommy Frey In my perfect, in my perfect world, it would be people coming in on the onboarding, direction. They would be, it would be available to them. I don't think it should be available for anybody just happens to come into channel, like happened to Peter today, you know, in a couple of minutes he, he got spammed. Everybody looking for an ambassador badge and they all had his his handle. So I think you got to take a step and put in some time in order to earn the rewards.

1:00:04 - SucrenSpice Okay, so like Peter suggested, the 1st Do work task could be turned into the quiz, a bed idea for them to, to get the reward, so. I agree with you. Head off. It's the The article and the quiz should be for whoever is coming from the on body side, what are you, what are you coming through the form where you get into the discord then that mean you also need to have it in the get and started channel. So it's basically for every anybody that pops in new, new person.

1:00:35 - Fly I don't think we should be too kind of nay about this, though, because, like Some people love reading and they can like read and answer quizzes all day, but uh, they, they still don't self organize. Other people, like skim, read something or even pretend they have. Yet they can still self organize and ah, impact the program. So I think, like, I think there has to be on some level a gating thing, but I don't think we should be too Nazi about it.

1:01:21 - Rojo Nazi there is a strong word, I guess.

1:01:24 - Fly Oh yes, so sorry, sorry. I used to have an old teacher that uh, said that a lot, that was, that's, that's the strong word, apologies.

1:01:37 - Rojo it's an interesting suggestion from fly I mean on one hand uh you do not want what happened for example today with Peter where you have like constant flow of spams and all these things. But, on the other hand, you don't want to be, as Fly would have said, too rigid about it, and Again, we have to be somewhere the middle. Obviously, we don't want to be in the extremes, but uh, what is that middle? And that's, I guess, what we're struggling with right now. What is the middle?

1:02:15 - Peter Well, in my mind it's, it's quite straightforward. 1st of all, I don't mind people tagging me. It's uh, yeah, it happens all day on Telegram as well and if you can just If the reply would be um, check the Getting Started channel, then it's very straightforward, right then that's the the answer they're looking for and then it's fine.

1:02:43 - Rojo One thing, one small thing to add is that is it feasible for us to I don't know supernal witness to that is it feasible to go through all the sign ups? In the in the F coming from the form Is it feasible?

1:02:59 - SucrenSpice for now it is because um from the we have from the spreadsheet I have we have just um twenty two percent and um term twenty two five five have been active since when they had applied so I just have some other the other seven thing out there about uh I kind of waiting I think I was I was discussing with cry and I was like probably the waiting for us to send them an email like okay this is the next step we have to do because some programs are structured like that so I don't know what, what net was. So that's why we are having this meeting to decide on the next steps to follow.

1:03:38 - SucrenSpice Okay, the sign up, the form, what is the next step, what do they have to do, where do we take them to? So It's for now is visible, but let's say we have 50 hundred sign ups and then what do we do?

1:03:52 - Rojo Perhaps one suggestion for myself is perhaps we can have uh, We can set up like an automated email where there is uh, as we've discussed before, like a biweekly meeting where they can just join and we can do it on Discord to keep it straightforward. And then basically in that meeting you get introduced while we suggest you do this reading this stuff, this stuff, this and that, you check out Getting Started channel, blah, blah, blah. And then after that, I guess have to wait for people who will emerge from, from that step basically.

1:04:32 - Peter Right, That sounds perfectly fine to me, like you can set up a form to, to generate a response, right? So the moment somebody fills in the form, it's like, thanks, next up, join discord, check out the getting started, then you're done. You filter all the people that don't even make that, that very 1st step of joining this squad. Yeah, from there they, they read What's and the Getting Started channel and we have their information in the sheet if we wanted.

1:05:01 - SucrenSpice Okay, that's, that's cool.

1:05:06 - kenichi I would just like to add, okay.

1:05:10 - SucrenSpice Go ahead and itch you.

1:05:12 - kenichi I just wanted to add that, I, I love the bean so far, really great idea, but I just want to, point our attention towards a few important parts where, I think the 1st is. Of course, documentation. So basically, whatever we do choose to use, we, it has to be a bit, it has to be quite accessible and There's a bit of clarity in it, so we don't have to.

1:05:41 - SucrenSpice Hey.

1:05:41 - kenichi So it takes a, the idea of having to like go over to get another person. So kind of like a common ground. And once we have all that, you know, we need, like put it in a fashion where, you know, there can be a one stop place to like, get all that and, you know, catch up fast. And I also like to put this in this, you know, a test of scalability because. I mean, it's one thing doing running a process that works for five people, it's another time doing the process that works with ten. It's a all different ball game and you have like 50 or hundred people who are interested in joining the program.

1:06:17 - kenichi So I would just like to, you know, just like keep all that in mind and we try to like, Kind of like uh, solve the problem ahead of time I guess. Yeah, just putting out there.

1:06:33 - Fly I think, I think that's like a very good point and perhaps is listen to two conversations about what we do with people coming in now and for the people. Who have filled in the form. And then there is like, okay, how do we prepare for scaling?

1:06:52 - kenichi I would I would suggest keeping this to, you know, one once a one thing. Due to the fact that it, to give us, you know, enough time to, we address a lot things to step back and notice how we can improve it. You get a lot of feedback for people. I mean if you do it on a weekly basis or a test a minute, the test a minutes won't might not really like, cover a lot for everybody. And if even though we actually keep it on a weekly basis, okay, if you miss this week's session, you can cover next week's session.

1:07:23 - SucrenSpice Thank you.

1:07:24 - kenichi With the number of meetings we have in between these sessions, we're not giving ourselves enough room to actually like, go over the matter. You know, in a concise manner. But I feel because, you know, we have Mondays, we have Tuesdays, we have Wednesdays, we have Thursdays, are Fridays. So if we keep it at a, you know, the onboarding, the bringing, the idea of bringing new people into the space, officially we should keep it to like once a month. So that way there's enough room, so like, you know, enough room to To think that to breathe a little and try to get all the feedback from the people who do get on boarded and ask them questions.

1:07:58 - kenichi Okay, is there any hiccup of the process? Is there something that you would like to, you know, shed a light on? Is just something that would is any way we could have improved it for you. So I feel like it's, it's, you have to put that, you know, we have to put our mind towards that. And I do feel, you know, it's definitely anyone can solve, it's a system. I feel like that's not a problem. I just just keep to the idea that if we do it once a month, we give ourselves a lot more breed to actually like get it done properly.

1:08:31 - Peter It's it's uh, sorry, tell me, go ahead. You have your hand up for quite a while, I think.

1:08:40 - Tommy Frey yeah, almost so much, never mind, this form, does this have a form? I, I don't see the whole form and I, it's been a long time since I read it, but does it have anywhere in there about signing up for, the Singularity newsletters? Stuff coming out of Singularity Net. And the reason I ask and Peter, you're into marketing. The bigger the list is, the more people were reaching with the newsletter. And it doesn't cost anything and there's no real administration, so I don't know. It has their email address, but there's nowhere in there that.

1:09:23 - Tommy Frey And I think worldwide you have to opt in to get emails. So maybe we want to block. There is have them opt in to emails and then we can. They're almost getting onboarded through the newsletters and everything else that goes from wherever it goes out from

1:09:47 - Peter Fair point, with a small note that, emailing does cost money, but um, yeah. I might be able to get a direct link for signing up to the Singularity Nutty newsletter, but at the time it's of, Yeah, yeah, that would be open and then, it should be fine because there's all kind of regulations around it, but if, if people, if we have a separate, that should be fine.

1:10:26 - Fly I think like there's space to do a lot of like planning and stuff like that, but I'm, I'm like much more out for this kind of gorilla gorilla style and like, if you don't mind, I, I would like to just go ahead with this once a week in half an hour before Town hall. And just like I, I'll just be chilling out there before the Town hall and We can just keep it really casual. I think. Yes, there is yes space for this proper onboarding, but like no need to be too holy about it. I mean, like if someone comes in and they have to wait three weeks to on board, man, that's a long time in Web Three.

1:11:16 - Fly We cannot it.

1:11:19 - Peter They are fully support. Sorry, missed last words

1:11:22 - cran Sure.

1:11:27 - Peter I'm, I fully agree, and um, I also, as I put in chat earlier, I would happily host that, or together or with anybody who wants to join, but it can be both, right. We, we can have a dedicated monthly session on checking in with new members. Like outside of that, that 1st half an hour before T Hall. Not sure if that's anything, thought.

1:11:54 - cran Yeah, I almost see it as like you're gonna have people that come into the program and jump right in and they're used to these types of situations and they seee that there's like, you know, writers group or education and they start posting in there, you know, kind of like what Alex has been doing, Centronics. That shows obvious interests. And then you're gonna have some people that are like new to the space and they kind of need like a formal path to get in and peek their head in and then get them into some sort of conversation.

1:12:31 - cran So I, I see the pros to, to both. And yeah, it's tough because I, I feel like a lot of, a lot of people here. It's like where, the types, it's just like you, you jump into these ecosystems want, want to start, like getting to work or spreading opinions. But I think some people needed to learn how to do that. It's also something education could tackle is, yeah, how, how to, how to. Utilize these structures the best. Like How to be Sovereign Individual.

1:13:08 - SucrenSpice Help. Can act. Want to say something?

1:13:20 - kenichi I just wanted to add that it's when I say, you know, the one. Once a month for the meeting it doesn't let us really mean that you have to wait a whole month you know let's say you you join after the onboarding call that mean have to wait the next onboarding call before actually get onboarded because I mean you could you could join uh miss the call um that goes back to the documentation I mentioned so let's say for example um let's say for example there we had a piece an article we had an article or a blog post or whatever on how The steps on getting on board, it works on the steps on you joining the call, the like, the call, the official steps works.

1:14:07 - kenichi But once you do join the ecosystem or you join our community and you're in our Di Code, that which would be the point of the article to get you to join our Di Code and you join and you know you exp. Press your interest. You attend the town hall, you attend the marketing call or whichever work countries your fancy, you submit your, your, your portfolio for the video work group, you write w work group, test or whatever. You already contribute our participating. If you do have questions, that's where the call comes in technically.

1:14:40 - kenichi Because you know, the same way we can say I'll you for uh, weeks to take a while for someone to get do, to get on that call, you know, a few days. My, so, my skip, so m just skip someone's mind, like Uh, this person joins, Mrs., a few calls, Mises interest, it happens, but you know, the idea that as long as the communication and the engagement within the channels are ongoing, you know, there's a lot of information going on there, you, you get to getting started, you see our meetings, you enter the A bus, the channel, the towel channel, and then you start texting, you know, expressing your interest on all plus.

1:15:18 - kenichi With the fact that we would have, if we do have a Baad online, they would text you, they would reply you and let you know. Oh okay, join the call and introduce yourself officially. Any call doesn't matter which call, But know that the on boarding call itself stands for questions for new people that are new to the web. Free space due to the Cardano space, into the singularity the space. But that's just what I had in mind there. So basically, you don't need to wait for the call to start contributing, you just need the call to like get clarity or questions or anything that you might have for ambassadors to text you, which they would do in the text channels.

1:15:54 - kenichi Regardless of the core

1:16:00 - SucrenSpice My very dear, I think we almost have. Half past five for my own time anyway is flight flight still here. Oh okay, great. So I just wanted to go back to the documents and see where we are. Okay, so any other suggestions before we call it to and to this meeting? Okay, so I also mentioned in the document, I think that was my suggestion. When this document was 1st put up, I was, I was of the opinion. Okay, these new people come in and let's say they done all the bin attacks they need to do and they needed to have a name tag just to different shift them from those who are already in the system and, and then the ambassadors.

1:17:17 - SucrenSpice So. Kind of a food for thought for us. Probably next, next meeting we can give our suggestions or if you want to right away we can suggest what do we think?

1:17:40 - cran Sorry. What was your question? Secret?

1:17:43 - SucrenSpice Okay, I mean down the, the last part of this document I mentioned something about. Having an impact for the new The Tits. I said I would suggest after activation which means the complete process that has been achieved on body should be given it up we could have different levels of ambassadors for example level one to three the three being the highest in which case the present ambassadors to have the level three status so there could be ambassador level one ambassador level so know that or we could just have another name tag just to differentiate among the newcomers those already in the system like myself and those who are already who already have the ambassador status so I was saying we could we could think about this and bring down talk about it next meeting or we could just talk about it now if we can we have.

1:18:39 - Fly I think it's also relevant to say that this is a conversation which has been like gone over in process. A couple of times unfinished, of course. And uh, there were several discussions around it and ideas like being skill based tags and things like this. So perhaps there could be, some synchronization between What processes done on this and maybe linking up with them. I think there's definitely a lot of of knowledge to build on from there.

1:19:18 - SucrenSpice Okay, okay, right? I'll take a look at the process, me and Mir, and see if I can get anything from there. All right, guys, do we have any thing to talk about? I would suggest we we have a meeting next week to kind of finalize. Cran what do you think?

1:19:55 - cran Does this time work out really well for you? You want to stick to this time.

1:20:01 - SucrenSpice doesnt really work out well. I'm still at work for.

1:20:05 - cran Oh yeah, we can uh, if, if you want to do like a win to meet throughout the week or pick certain days, we, we can flex around your time. I, I feel like we make people flex around our time or my time is too much sometimes in the program, so don't, don't feel bad if there are certain times that work out best for you.

1:20:31 - SucrenSpice Okay, so uh, I'll set up the W today.

1:20:36 - cran cool and then maybe we can get Tev involved. That way we can get some process gulled. We can kind of check into what he's been thinking about, like rules. I know Fly has been messing with, with the rules as well, so that could be something that we talk about.

1:21:04 - SucrenSpice All right, So um, nothing else. Calle the day. Thank you guys for coming to today's session. I'll update all the suggestions we've made into this document and make it accessible for everyone.

1:21:26 - cran Thanks for hosting. I thought it was a really good brainstorming session.

1:21:32 - SucrenSpice It was.

1:21:33 - Peter Yeah, absolutely.

1:21:34 - Tommy Frey Yes, thank you. Sure you did a great job.

1:21:35 - Peter a quick check, actually, do you mind,

1:21:41 - SucrenSpice Thank you.

1:21:41 - Peter during the turn hall, if I, call out this, this, meeting and, and potentially also give you the room to give a little bit of an overview.

1:21:53 - SucrenSpice Unfortunately, during that period I will be in transit, so I might not be able to speak.

1:22:01 - Peter Okay,

1:22:02 - SucrenSpice really good cycle,

1:22:02 - Peter checking, before putting you on the spot.

1:22:04 - SucrenSpice yeah. You could do that for me. I wouldn't mind.

1:22:13 - Peter I think I'll, well, I do want to, put a little bit of an update, but I can, I can recap, I guess.

1:22:24 - SucrenSpice That would be nice.

1:22:29 - Peter Thank you.

1:22:32 - SucrenSpice All right, thank you guys.

1:22:36 - Peter during 30.

1:22:36 - SucrenSpice See you. See you and after 2 min,

1:22:44 - Kevin Thank you, Suger, a good meeting.

1:22:48 - SucrenSpice Thank you.

1:22:48 - cran Thanks and su grain. If you want, like start tracking your uh, time that you're putting in into this effort would be good too.

1:22:57 - SucrenSpice Okay, Clai fy, it is Clai Fy. I will. Thanks everyone. That's wrong now.

1:23:10 - Peter Jess.