Summon Platform Review 
Wed. Apr 26, 2023

0:25 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Hey, Cra, how you doing? Cranking. Can anyone hear me?

0:52 - Tommy Frey Heard.

0:52 - cran Yeah, I can hear you now. Can you hear me,

0:55 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Nice? Yep, yep.

0:56 - cran sweet?

0:59 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Perfect. It's a little bit more perhaps, more people can join. Okay. Meanwhile, I will copy a link so that you guys can can sign in and just be ready. I dropped link. This is the main link for some platform. Yeah, we can use that basically to sign it if you have an Nami wallet, Eternal, whatever. I think they have most of the wallet, so you wouldn't have a trouble with that. Is up to.

2:27 - cran uh not a lot here I just met with v fools for about forty five minutes normally meet right before incubation just to like kind of hash out What the conversation could be. Sipping on some coffee, drinking some water. How about you?

2:50 - Ambassadors SingularityNET I've been uh, you know, just trying to figure out some setups for the video work group, setting up some documents. I made like an open document for us to know which people are interns, which ones are members, to have its public so that everyone can see. I'm working on, oh, I kind of finished like the kind of sheet for like some data about our uh, videos and the platforms where we are posting the videos, how many subscribers likes comments just to be kind of data oriented about this a little bit.

3:30 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Because I was thinking like for our weekly meetings in the marketing field and video work group, I could have like uh, some little bit of, some visuals just to show how we're doing, are we progressing in terms of numbers or, you know, do we need to improve on something and stuff like that. Kind of have this is kind of crazy but yeah we we have like thirty five followers on instagram so far it's kind of crazy I mean we just started the uh you know the the account so that's cool um.

4:03 - cran Actually, that's awesome.

4:13 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Video or short, let's say uh on Instagram is doing not bad, I guess. I think we have, let me check so far, so we have like 15 views so far, nothing crazy. Oh, actually we have 40 followers on Instagram,

4:25 - Tommy Frey That's some great, great numbers.

4:28 - Ambassadors SingularityNET that's great, tick tock is, has been slow. We have like seven views, two likes whatever anyway, some amateur numbers, but it's good, it's a good start,

4:46 - cran Oh, man.

4:48 - Ambassadors SingularityNET so yeah. I've been willing to put that on, basically on a sheet and then show the visuals every week and stuff like that.

4:59 - cran That's awesome. Are you planning on recording this meeting?

5:07 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Hopefully I guess, but if not, a lot of people join, so I guesss we should record it. Also there is,

5:14 - cran That'd be awesome,

5:15 - Ambassadors SingularityNET yeah, there is Read AI, which is uh, kind of taking a script I guess right now.

5:20 - cran okay?

5:21 - Ambassadors SingularityNET yeah, so that's cool as well. So I guess I will record to my computer. Okay, Peter is joining. That's cool. Yeah, I did something different about the A poll I guess, well I should introduce you to Paul and so yeah, let's start recording and hopefully everything is gonna be w eum, I guess I am recording now so perfect, let's start sharing Cre. Okay,

5:50 - cran you might want to.

5:51 - Ambassadors SingularityNET can you see my screen?

5:52 - cran Di did you hit your record button? Because I know uh the read AI makes it sound like it's recording just because it's doing transcript so you might have to.

6:02 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'm recording because I have like literally a recording thing that I can post on my left, so I think I'm recording hopefully,

6:09 - cran Nicee.

6:10 - Ambassadors SingularityNET yeah, perfect, okay, okay, if you enter the link, Peter, if you can hear us, hopefully you can see the link as well. Peter.

6:25 - Peter Elfrink Jack and Jt No, I only see um direct message from read, so I joined after it was shared I guess.

6:35 - Ambassadors SingularityNET yes, I said it again. P You see it, okay, perfect, yeah, I will wait for everyone to join the link or I mean, yeah, let's give you some time to set up your wallets and everything and uh. Just enter the link. It is quite straightforward. Doesn't need some login information or whatever it should be. Should be easy. Okay, once everyone is set up, please let me know. Tommy Cra and good.

7:13 - Tommy Frey I'm putting my walled information. You gotta sign a transaction that you accept the terms and conditions.

7:23 - cran I won't be able to on this computer right now, but I can do it afterwards.

7:28 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Yeah, it's okay.

7:28 - Tommy Frey It's gotta be in Chrome, apparently.

7:33 - Ambassadors SingularityNET I Are you using a browser that is not chromium or?

7:39 - Tommy Frey I usually use Apple, so I had to go over to Chrome.

7:41 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Oh yeah, yeah, so far I guess yeah, yeah. Kron Uh, you won't be able to vote now, but I you You can vote later. It's, it's not very important, I get to vote for this. It's just like an experiment, but it's fine. As long as you see how it works and all that, that's fine, Let's wait for Tommy. No pressure.

8:04 - Tommy Frey Yeah, I'm watching your screen now. I'm good.

8:07 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Okay, um o good. So uh, as you can see, this is uh, once you are signed in, that's kind of where you come. Where you go basically, what you can see is home, my account. So you can see in my account not so much going on. There is like a Snapchat voting place which is like four votes. And it, it shows all the polls poll, you know what a poll is basically, and it shows all the polls that you have participated in or did, created basically. And it also has a little nice visual in here, it shows like totals, the ones that are done, the ones that are in active voting, expired and drafts all.

8:48 - Ambassadors SingularityNET And then you have multi sect trans. Actions I have none so if you have done a multi sick transaction before it would show right here um yeah uh so this is done for that so we have also the coordination port which has create a community create a multi se create a pool okay what is creating a community it's basically creating a dow kind of so uh once you press on creating a community you would have to enter the community name in our case it would be you know uh singularitynet ambassador program uh if you have a url of an uh of an image you put it here and you would have it there uh they do not have upload image I guess for security issues probably uh but yeah it's uh it's restricted to url uh you can also add the disc uh description on all and if you are creating a sub community you can actually uh specify the parent community so for example if you if this is If we're creating a community for the video work group, the parent community would be Marketing Guild and then the parent community of Marketing Guild would be, you know, the Ambassador program.

10:03 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Again if you have any questions, please stop me and otherwise I'll keep rumbling, now for the management and administration what we have is the main manager so we would have you'd have to input for example your address or your handle in my case I can input my uh handle and then It directly recognizes your your wallet.

10:26 - Peter Elfrink Okay.

10:27 - Ambassadors SingularityNET You can also enter your address. Otherwise that's fine as well. You have the pole manager, So pole managers are people who can create poles or can manage poles, within a certain community. So that's usually similar to the main manager. So you have or you can have multiple people to decentralize. Also you have questions about who can connect polls to the community and you can choose either anyone or the manager has to approve, request, only managers and nobody, blah, blah, blah.

11:03 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Again, you can check most of these things later, but yeah, you can specify sub communities, manager and other stuff as well. Again, you can check this stuff yourself and uh, kind of experiment with it a little bit and sorry for the noise in the background, this is for creating a community it's quite straightforward it has some drawbacks uh for example you cannot have multiple managers that kind of sucks but they said they're add it very quick uh very soon so I look forward to that um yeah so having multiple addresses for the same role seems to be a good thing to to add uh as a feature um yeah uh now moving on to creating a multi six so this is basically also quite straightforward so what you're doing is, you create a wallet, that is a multi six, so multiple people signed to get a transaction and uh, basically you have uh some information like the name so you're gonna give it a name you're gonna uh uh here write the number of required uh signatures to pass a certain transaction uh and then for the signers yeah you can relate it also to a community or a sub community uh you know uh for example if you have the video group the video group can have its own wallet so that's something interesting you can have uh wallets for work groups and for guilds with their budgets and you can have multiple signers on that wallet to minimize fraud and all these things.

12:38 - Ambassadors SingularityNET And basically that's how you would distribute. Decentralized the distribution of, of funds just to suggest the, and you can add the signers here. So once you add the signer, you can ad their address or their handle, as usual. And uh, yeah, most of these things are quite straightforward to be honest. The most important feature for us is this one which is creating a poll, Paul, you know, to take a vote on something. So uh. What do you need? So you needed a name description quite straightforward.

13:12 - Ambassadors SingularityNET They don't have internal discussion channels, so what you would have to do is you have to put like a link to a discord channel or to, a forum or whatever you're using and you put the link and it would appear so that if anyone has a question about whatever is being voted, they can pop in into the channel and then have a discussion on all, You have to specify when the vote starts and with, when the vote ends. What I have noticed so far is that it is good to actually be cautious about when the vote starts, so make sure it is in the future, not in the past.

13:48 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Sometimes this uh, problem happens. When you specify the voting starts, that is not usually the same amount when it will actually start it. Sometimes it might take, I don't know, like 30 min or 1 h even so it's good if you're gonna do a poll, it's good to set it up like a little bit earlier. Yeah, that's, that's what I have noticed from my experience so far. Okay, yeah, we also have how do you weight your votes? So how do you determine who is allowed to vote and what is their voting power?

14:23 - Ambassadors SingularityNET And that is a very, very interesting question and a very important one. So uh, what they provide is, they provide some, little bit of a customized way of giving voting power. So what you would do is you would have a certain policy Id and this is for an Nfc or A or a fungible token. So both of these have their policy Id, which you can see from any wallet that you have for each one of these uh let's see nfs or fungible tokens you specify what is the voting weight for that so assume you have a certain for example in our case we have an nf for ambassadors let's say I want to give that like ten volts so I would write that this way basically I would have like for each one holding the nf they would have ten volt okay and if we have another n ft which is for let's say work group leads let's say okay I let's say a work group lead has less votes than any ambassador so I would give them nine votes and you can do a kind of such a play with the weights and all this stuff but of course this needs to be uh kind of this needs to be discussed beforehand cool thing that you can do is that you can give different uh weights of voting and also have different policy ids for different nfs and fts for example assume uh I mean we can give an example with the case that we have now Right now, only ambassadors have an Nn Ft.

15:55 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Hopefully in the future it is gonna different, but right now only ambassadors have the Nf. But what, what we do also have, we have gimble token. So what we can do is we can specify the voting power for uh, N Ft holders and we can also, specify the voting power for For gimble token holders Okay, so that everyone can vote if we want to have like a wide ranging kind of voting. Or vote on some specific issue so that we can do, in here and I guess you can add a lot, you can keep adding how many tokens you have.

16:32 - Ambassadors SingularityNET So, that's not a, that's not a big problem in here,

16:39 - Peter Elfrink Pump in move.

16:39 - Ambassadors SingularityNET last part. Yeah, also you have the options, so what are you voting for? So yes or no. It could be numbers, multiple cases, whatever. That's up to you. Okay, I heard The voice Hopefully there is a question or something.

16:54 - Peter Elfrink Yes, yeah, I was wondering on the like if you toggle the Your snapshot, it allows you to upload a file. Would you have any info on on what kind of file that would be.

17:06 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Can you say that again? Which?

17:07 - Peter Elfrink If you had, upload voting power if you, instead of snapshot if you toggle that off.

17:12 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Oh yeah, this would be, this would be basically, a certain spreadsheet and that spreadsheet would have the wallets with their, wallets with their voting power. You know, the address of the wallet and its voting power, but I prefer the snapshot, I mean. It's easier to just automate things, you know, But uh, again, if there is some use case, yeah, that could be considerable as well, like having.

17:43 - Tommy Frey Yeah, this snapshot was one of the few things that they said they were going to charge for, and they didn't have a number yet on what they would be charging for. The snapshot. So that's, that's something down the road to ask.

17:58 - Ambassadors SingularityNET It wasn't this one, by the way. So this snob sheet that we are talking about now is not the one that will be charged, unless I'm mistaken. I think they were talking about Agora vote, which requires uh, an on chain, kind of It would be a certain snapshot that is taken with smart contracts. So it's voting with smart contracts which require certain transaction fee. I mean they might add charge in for this as well. As far as I I don't know, but so far there is no, I don't think that's on the horizon, I guess.

18:45 - Ambassadors SingularityNET But yeah, since we're not, I don't think we're like a very dynamic kind of a dow if we can call ourselves so some some other dogs might have like people buying tokens all the time and selling tokens so that would require a lot of snapshots and all these things but for us it's like you know most people who get like a token they won't get like we're not like buying and selling tokens around here so probably it's not going to be a big problem for us clarity for example does charge for snapshots for your information.

19:18 - Ambassadors SingularityNET I think they have an internal, internal system for taking snapshot. That's why it requires probably some computing power. So uh, they have some free, re, free section. So if you are taking one snapshot per day, then that would be for free, but if you require more, then you have to kind of pay, I think monthly or something like that. They have like multiple, kind of ranges of payments and stuff like that. Hey, any questions? Otherwise we can move on. I guess. I creating a Yeah, this is basically how you create a new pole.

19:55 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Yeah, we already have a demo community and that would be this one. Singularity. Net Ambassador Program Demo. So if you are, if you are. In the website what you can do is you can come to hear communities and you will find nothing so what you have you have to take on show and verified communities and then if you go down for example for a head off we have here cv chamber you can see this here and we are here you can see you select it and then you can see our beautiful community uh you can go on and see our profile we have a little description that I copy pasted Most of these things are not available, like some data about what happened in this community and stuff like previous votes and data on them and stuff like that.

20:49 - Ambassadors SingularityNET It's a work on progress, I guess. The thing that is of importance to us, we don't have a lot of time left is this one. You will come to snapshot voting and you will find that we have an active vote right now, and if you enter the vote I'm doing right now. Okayy, you will find something here. And what I did is I based our voting on gimble token little problematic thing with gimble token is that I guess I should talk to the team about this, the development team. But yeah, they're considering they're not considering the decimal points in the token actually so this originally should be eight thousand seven hundred forty but because they are not considering the decimal points it you know it considers that those decimal points also part of the whole number so you get like this very big number basically eight uh eight billion I guess or something yeah Okay, some information around here so you will get uh, some schedule, timings, policy Ids information, blah, blah, blah.

22:01 - Ambassadors SingularityNET This is related to how your snapshot is being done so the voter can see how the snapshot is being being done, which is good for transparency. You can also see here the link to the discussion in our case is the Discord channel of the Ambassador program. And the question you can see here, how long have you been part of the community? Yeah, And what you can do is uh, if you have uh, an active stake, if you have an active, voting power, basically what you can do is you can either vote directly, so I'm gonna vote okay, six months plus blah, blah, blah, submit a vote, I guess you need to sign, but I'm not gonna do that.

22:41 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Now I want to 1st show you something, a feature that I really like, which is delegating uh, your, voting power. So what you can do is assume there is a vote. On some critical issue where you're not really an expert and you don't want to hold an un informed opinion. So what you do is you would go to head off and say, like head off, you know more about this than I do, so can you please like my vote and then make an informed decision for me? Which is basically like kind of a same idea as D Reps that we have in Cardano.

23:16 - Ambassadors SingularityNET If you're familiar with that, it's kind of the same concept and yeah, you just uh, put here, the address of the person and then you put on, you know, you press on delegate and then they will have your voting power. That's a really cool feature. You can also see here, so there is already one user that have voted, that's cool, right now I'm gonna vote. So I'm gonna put six months plus, plus, and then once you press that, you get a certain uh, not a transaction, but what you get is you get a message.

23:52 - Ambassadors SingularityNET That you have to sign with your wallet. So this is purely cryptographic. It's not a transaction on chain, not yet. So the on chain transaction for, for, voting will be the agora one which is coming later on, but this one is purely cryptographically of doing, following. Yeah, I'll, I'll basically sign this Write your password. And then your vote goes on and you are basically done. You can also cancel your vote, vote again. As long as the, the voting is not closed, you can do whatever, okay?

24:29 - Ambassadors SingularityNET And yeah, if you delegate you can actually de delegate and that's a cool feature as well. Like assume I gave my vote to head off, but then head off kind of, yeah, he made some really, let's say, not very nice decision. And then I was like, I looked at his, his vote maybe or I, he told me his vote and I was like, I don't necessarily agree with that. You can actually take your This is uh, your delegation away and then vote yourself. So yeah, that's something cool as well. Sorry had for referring to you too much in this example, I guess that's about it.

25:07 - Ambassadors SingularityNET I didn't talk too much about the multi sig wallet because I don't see it as like a pressing issue right now. Perhaps we can discuss it in the future, but So far, I don't think it's necessary, I guess. And it's also, yeah, it's not very developed so far as a feature in the website, so perhaps we can talk about it a month from now or something like that. That would be, that would be that for me. Does anyone have a question? Anyone doesn't like something or like it. You are welcome to voice your opinion.

25:45 - cran Yeah, thank, thanks for showing it to us. Is there anything that they said is coming sooner in the works that really gets you excited about the future of the platform?

25:55 - Ambassadors SingularityNET what gets me very excited about the f near future, let's say of the platform is the Agora voter, that is already available on Clarity. I mean, if you get access to the platform, of course, but uh, they said it is very near. Which is cool. I think that was the feature that kind of, got me interested in this platform at 1st, So that's what I look forward to on chain, or Voting that is recorded on chain with smart contracts, that's a very cool feature. There is also, there is also they are willing to kind of integrate our transaction.

26:35 - Ambassadors SingularityNET So the transaction that Tivo is building with the treasury, treasury system, they can actually build us a custom made thing where they would take these, these, what you call them, these Json files and they would build us the transaction and we could sign it with Mod. Signers. That's a cool feature as well. Yes, Peter.

26:59 - Peter Elfrink I mean, it's not critical, but I'm wondering why after voting in the Ambassador program demo, it doesn't show up as um, on my accounts, on the communities, it's confusing to me, like every time I would find it in the full list of all communities.

27:16 - Ambassadors SingularityNET that, that's an uh, yeah, that's an interesting one. I I didn't do that. Yeah, yeah, I, I was thinking actually of, talking to them about that. So I wanted them to kind of have a certain like, function where you have, like you can select favorites and it, and it would show in your home, In your home page, you would see all your favorite pages, basically or community.

27:43 - Tommy Frey I think it I'm sorry,

27:43 - Peter Elfrink makes sense.

27:45 - Tommy Frey Peter, I think it also might have something to do with the fact that it's still an unverified community. I think once, once you're you're verified, you go into kind of a a cocoon, so to speak, with your info.

27:59 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Yeah, definitely you, you're shown in the main page when you are verified, but that favorite will feature definitely something I will talk to them about, or perhaps you can sell, I don't know, like something like this where you have like a certain uh, place where you find all your communities, not just all communities, that's, that's a cool feature to have.

28:21 - Tommy Frey I think one of the things I originally got interested in this was for community management, was. The multi sig wallet for just what's going on with our smaller, our Dw and the Treasury Guild. You could have multi sig wallets and the different work groups. That have to sign off, which is the same as, you know, reviewing and and committing. But with the subcommittees, communities, you can also have multi Sigs. The entire community be effectively managed by having several people having to sign off.

29:03 - Tommy Frey I thought that was powerful.

29:06 - Ambassadors SingularityNET I mean what I was thinking about uh I was literally thinking about okay in the future we we might get revenues that come from a certain work group for example video work group I'm thinking like okay maybe in a couple of months we can manage to get some revenue and if we get those revenues the way how I'm thinking about it I would like it to be invested in the same work group and how do you manage that Should you take it in a personal wallet? Should you take it in a treasury wallet? And the way how I see it is that it would be nice if it could be put in a multi sig wallet and then for any payment that comes out of it, it needs to be signed by all the members of the work group or like a specific, you know, like a majority of the member work group or something like that.

29:51 - Ambassadors SingularityNET That makes some sense to me. And uh, even implementing that in the treasury system as well, that would be really cool. Just to have an Xray layer of security and the decentralization.

30:03 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, fully agreed. At the same time, something to be wary of is before we enter the phase of like proper scaling, if it would end up also creating a whole treasury process for the For the video work group to do, you know, like if it creates like three or 4 h work every week just to get the, the multi Seeg done.

30:29 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Oh no, no, it's, it's really straightforward like, extremely easy. Like if you compare it to actually what Tivo is doing with. But I guess in Tivo's case it's, it's really a hard transaction that they're Submitting it's not quite straightforward, but with this one it's, it's really easy. I mean you have okay amount, okay, let's say a hundred. Ada is going to this wallet and this wallet and this wallet. The person that is gonna sign is just gonna press a button and then write their password of Nami wallet or whatever and then that's done, it is done.

31:02 - Peter Elfrink No, I get that, but we would still want all the unchanging, task data, right? Like same as Treasury.

31:08 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Of course, yeah, that's why I talked about the implementation. I think that that will be very integral in our decision of moving, to the multi sig function that they have. I think if they can provide us then that functionality, then it will be like a no brainer from my side. But yeah, because as you said, we do need that on chain data.

31:35 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, sure.

31:44 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Anything. I think we're kind of done, our time is done, but yeah, thanks a lot for everyone for joining. I really appreciate this, presentation and the, the discussion afterwards and yeah, I see you guys in the other meeting, bye bye,

31:59 - Tommy Frey Yes, good, good presentation, Roger. You did a good job.

32:02 - Ambassadors SingularityNET thank you, appreciate

32:03 - Tommy Frey See, In a few

32:05 - Ambassadors SingularityNET Bye bye.