Treasury Guild 
Thu. May 4, 2023

0:16 - Tevo Saks Well, he now reading a Ike you made it here. Somehow, this Re AI now works, but it didn't work for last two. Workshops or meetings.

0:58 - Felix Weber I think this did you open the other once a while you signed in on the client's version. So hey Steve, this is.

1:07 - stephen My that.

1:07 - Tevo Saks I it it gave an error that could not connect the day itself. And I was wondering was there an not a call at the same time with ambassador account?

1:23 - Felix Weber This is possible maybe that some people a this is good, maybe, let's, let's, maybe mention this later. When somebody in front the buss have access launched a private call and they and then Red AI directly joins the call. It won't be available then to join one which is actually on the calendar. Then maybe that's a good.

1:48 - Tevo Saks Okay. I think it's just related to that because I think there was a Maybe, maybe a misunderstanding with the call time because nobody joins to the workshops, so I didn't do any progress there. So everything will be delayed by week or two because now I'm like also taking what do we do? Is needed to be done, but nobody joins But the facilitators themselves, do they get to just do the action or does it mean it's no longer needed? Do we no longer need processes? Do we no longer need to use Tew?

2:26 - Tevo Saks Like what is the Requirements.

2:31 - Felix Weber Shop workshop You speak about.

2:34 - Tevo Saks Set up two workshops today, and one was for Tew P Bill and another one was process modeling.

2:42 - Felix Weber You know, even I fucking not aware of it.

2:47 - Stephen They're not on the calendar. Need to go on the calendar.

2:51 - Felix Weber Yeah, I think so. Blesses start, Attend to it, to calendar Maye.

2:56 - Tevo Saks Okay, but there was a question in in Treasury request,

2:58 - Tommy Frey Yeah, I had.

3:00 - Tevo Saks I think last meeting.

3:01 - Tommy Frey You need a marketing guild, uh t tho.

3:07 - Tevo Saks What about marketing? You were hacking?

3:14 - Felix Weber Tommy I think your internet connection is and state I see you frozen.

3:26 - Tevo Saks Okay, then I will need a process. What do I, where do I put?

3:32 - Tommy Frey Mark.

3:37 - Tevo Saks Yeah, Tom, me, you're hacking a lot.

3:43 - Fly Yoo yoh yoo.

3:44 - Tevo Saks Adam will.

3:48 - Felix Weber which I think the best way is really once you set up up, attempt directly to a Singularitynet calendar. Because I think most of the people that definitely watch by this me personally I definitely look mainly on the calendar I can't check two hundred channels like is everything here there.

4:06 - Tevo Saks Okay, okay, but the thing was, it's not, it wasn't like, it was in the workshop that the plan to put it in a meeting plan if it's accepted, because these meetings are like proposals themselves. We come together, do we want these processes, do we want these agendas? This is how much it will cost, this is how much it will last, and let's decide on that. And that was like the main call. And I shared the Te Treasury process. Like I always kind of do this outreach in the meetings themselves.

4:38 - Tevo Saks And I understand that if a channel is not a correct place, but I think we can let's take that topic to the next We Treasury and let's just delay all the work groups. Because Stephen also wants to set up a harder work group and he has some similar questions like do we have different time projections there? Or we can Like every team can come up with their own projection and how do we address the budget? Like if somebody needs a budget of one year to do something but it requires, I don't know, 8 h per week, then you technically we cannot have any other workloads that because we are working in scarcity environment, so we do need to get a bit of and then I would also needed to understand the process, how to get started.

5:28 - Tevo Saks Anyway, I'm gonna share now. Co hosts and then move on to today's discussion, which is to get all the ambassadors rewarded for their monthly work and also see what people have been doing and I'm of put some kind of a iteration on that, too. Okay, and I'm also gonna record this once I get. Stuff prepared, lose all the unnecessary stuff. And that's open chat. Short term request on spending which isn't Agx or subscriptions.

6:20 - Felix Weber I think this refers to what came up yesterday. The muscle said, okay, maybe we should allocate something like, x amount of Usd per month to tools. AI tools mostly, which would be Exactly, and the main idea is there that we would set them up at a single account from the singular at Google account and the ambassadors, the have all access to this tools. So we would say spend for one tool everybody has access to rather than eleven tools for everybody.

6:55 - Peter Elfrink I think that in itself the, the approval of the spending is not so much the issue, but practically speaking, like pointed out today, like how do we do that? We don't have a card, we don't have a legal entity for like a account somewhere, Figured this would be a nice uh, meeting to mention that and hopefully get some, some input on how to deal with that.

7:27 - Fly the top of the hour, but I'll catch up on conversation that happens.

7:34 - Tevo Saks All right, a call on this computer.

7:39 - Fly Toy Abject pay.

7:43 - Peter Elfrink Well, if you can convince, Adobe to accept Agx, sure, but it's.

7:55 - Tevo Saks We do have a process in sworn to pay or to, so it's not really an issue, but they how to aggregate it and how to kind of set the limits and how much freedom they give teams to just p, run them and try different tools. I think that could be clarified, but let's start with the harvest stop 1st so. As we can see, I kind of almost copy paste at the previous sessions, but we are now continuing basically our discussion from where we left off. 1st thing we are going to audit our custom activity lists and there were few updates also on the the tokenomics voting idea.

8:38 - Tevo Saks However, it took me another few hours to figure out where the heck is erect coordination and X coordination on this sticky notes and found out that when you click on it then you can actually the correct the edges of the sticky so. Which is like, it's not random, but it's like we're being out of like actual scope what you visually see. So I needed to kind of I will this card using sticky notes for now because I'm not able to easily tell that is this sticking out on top of it. Because if I move it a little bit less like this now, it actually means that number two is on on top of number one.

9:25 - Tevo Saks Even though visual, it's not on there, but based on coordinates it is there. And so like we have complicated stuff that takes a little bit more time to figure out. But once we get to that, we can move on to actually start integrating and using robot objects and like automating that information. So we continue doing it manually. And let's look at all of these April and March. Rewards. May miss some ambassadors here. So Peter um. Okay. That's a good point, but in Peter We don't really give monthly rewards either,

10:23 - Peter Elfrink What are you?

10:30 - Tevo Saks right? Or you are also part of the list and you're getting the same Aj Rabat as other ambassadors.

10:40 - Fly Yeah, that's how I listed

10:41 - Tevo Saks Okay, then we create a list for you.

10:49 - Peter Elfrink It's purely my own that it's currently not in place.

10:56 - Tevo Saks She'll be here. Activity list april two thousand one at the Descriptions. So for now we have no information of what you did. That's fine, but then we can. Still, I guess we need to at least give you one Das point, else we don't get any information and now we need to decide how much each person will get rewarded. Is it, was it fixed amount and is it written here or where do we find that result?

11:55 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, it's on there. Yeah, that's the number. Ok,

12:07 - Tevo Saks or in Agx or toddlers.

12:07 - Peter Elfrink Okay, seven in monthly, so I guess the weekly but that's the, that's the maximum if, if somebody for that week declared 15 h. That is the maximum.

12:21 - Tevo Saks Hey. Okay so we take this four thousand one hundred fifty four is it ax or is it dollars okay so we we sprayed four thousand one hundred fifty four x been old ambassadors is that the call.

12:32 - Peter Elfrink Nearest H ix.

12:48 - Fly Wait, say that again.

12:52 - Rojo t t will let me break the math uh so uh basically uh each person will get a maximum of four thousand one hundred fifty four and what we will do is you will take the weekly hour actually we won't do the monthly we will do the weekly so you'll take the the weekly hours that each person did and you will divide it by fifteen and if it's less than one then you multiply it by nine hundred eighty nine if it's more than one that then you just multiply by one that's basically the map.

12:53 - Peter Elfrink Hey.

13:23 - Tevo Saks What the hell, So we don't have a fixed amount for each

13:34 - Peter Elfrink Where did that know?

13:34 - Rojo Unfortunately not. We have to do some equations.

13:38 - Peter Elfrink yeah we agreed on having a maximum allocation and with a maximum declaration of fifteen hours but if somebody puts fourteen hours he would only get like uh ninety three percent.

13:50 - Tevo Saks Okay, okay, so let's do it like, do you know, okay, then let's forget the rewards on Tew and let's do them after we see all the aggregated results. You provide here of how many hours I would put you on the April or I just go with number one on average.

14:15 - Peter Elfrink Well, that needs to follow from my list, right? So, no, I cannot give you the number right now because I don't have that look ready.

14:22 - Fly I think it's a bit uh, silly that we create Peter's one when there's like, when there's others to go through and Generally, I don't be like the role of treasury to create them. Otherwise it just cost so much work for you guys, everyone.

14:41 - Tevo Saks okay. The next one is Roger's activity. Lister and He has okay, participate in process school. This is already recorded, we don't need this one. Make intro videos, it shows already a Tw task. It's already reworded and done, so don't needed to record that either. Down Hale is recorded. Strategy is recorded. Loyalty, rewards, okay? This season, I don't have any text I'm copy basically to an extent. So. Rojer What I'm doing right now is because it said that we're not going to do any double tipping.

15:40 - Tevo Saks We need to extract these tasks that were not rewarded elsewhere.

15:51 - Fly Hello.

15:56 - Tevo Saks We had this, okay, maybe I'll just p le temple.

16:05 - Rojo I think whenever you find a link that should be recorded, I guess.

16:11 - Tevo Saks Link here participated in bright theres work group meeting and you don't do tey work tasks for work group meetings.

16:30 - Rojo I think we do, at least in the video work group, I assign like one task point, but I don't know, I don't know about the other work groups. Kini used to have like a task that he used to make for meetings,

16:41 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I do.

16:43 - Rojo but he stopped doing it maybe the last couple of weeks. So yeah.

16:48 - Tevo Saks Okay, it looks like practice. Work group doesn't have P. Work group have creating tasks and documenting T, V and Fd transcribing the T wages. Guess participating already Participating Suman platform. If we edit a Tw videos. Summit preparation, seting up mirror marketing with reading and editing, answering, editing, editing, Educational work group Is this doing any task set? I guess not.

17:44 - Rojo Not yet, no.

17:45 - Tevo Saks Video work toxins like join down, Hale process, schooled and document work. Participation, participation, participation. Or it doesn't have posting a short video. Editing videos. On boarding Meeting The On boarding Meeting Corvet.

18:19 - Rojo I don't think so.

18:22 - Tevo Saks Hey. Meeting with clarity Participating Down ha Proses schooled.

18:32 - Rojo That's for me, I think right now you're in May.

18:37 - Tevo Saks okay let me just remote this which don't so right april from here to here twenty one. By myself crafted managed prepare manage prepare manage prepare audit edit and read and analyze prepare and prepare okay one four five six seven eight nine ten eleven. Flies. Did you remove all these unnecessary ones?

19:36 - Fly I'm doing this today. I think I may have done the calculations wrong. Let me just throw up now.

19:47 - Tevo Saks you're also putting facilitating marketing cool. Meeting Yeah, I know this is a little bit confusing because at the very beginning when we start.

19:54 - Fly maybe Wait. Let me let me find that. What day?

20:01 - Tevo Saks Seven point four like at the very beginning when we had all these like a holographic systems coming up and work groups of work Wells my idea was that we're going to record everything and double dip everything so we're going to have a heat map of where the value is spent but now with this new rule that we are not allowed to double dip it hass complicated the way we have to track so we cannot have tasks like facilitating and participating by same person.

20:05 - Fly What now?

20:30 - Tevo Saks They have to choose and I think we always participate and facilitation is like then regards.

20:41 - Fly Hey, Nica, may this?

20:44 - Tevo Saks Okay, so you're working on your stock? I'm gonna to Edf. Oh, boy, a lot of unknown and no regard, so.

20:58 - Rojo Can I ask you something uh, why are you calculating these test points at uh, right now?

21:07 - Tevo Saks want to know how much we spent time on the things we've work on.

21:14 - Rojo Interesting Uh.

21:16 - Tevo Saks Wasn't that b go?

21:19 - Rojo You seem to have a different definition for double dip.

21:24 - Felix Weber isn't as a general, it's not really clear. Because also when I started to create the task. By the way I deleted it. It was quite a nice process to go through and put it together. I think the main issue is that we said, okay, we pay our Bors. And from the beginning already we have been quite happy because Ambassadors started to learn work and to track everybody, every much, all their engagements there. And we said, oh cool, could we pay people for this? And then, like you said, for this double dipping.

21:54 - Felix Weber So usually Ambassador does not record all of that stuff in deep work already. But now for the payment we have to remove everything, what, that rec, the work and trying to catch some small pieces actually from work, which I think was not really clear to everybody. How to record actually the, the works. That task you do for work groups and those as Ambassador. In this regard,

22:24 - Rojo The work that is done for the work is the work of ambassadors, because we're not allowed double them.

22:28 - Felix Weber Yes.

22:30 - Tevo Saks the thing. What activity list was for is all the tasks you don't do in other few tasks, if you already participate, you don't have to record it again. And what happens here right now? A lot of you are putting a same task up twice, one in the activity list, but it's only used for things you don't want to create a s one task like else all of these task should be like different tw task but then the idea was let's make it faster let's just make one list I do something which is out of scope of usual task requirement participation projects whatever and we put it into one list that is easier to aggregate together and the second opinion is to find patterns here for example from the last week in the process wild I learned I do a lot of preparing workshops so I now created a totally different task which has all the required tags on it.

23:32 - Tevo Saks And I collect only preparing workshops, events in on the single task and everything else which is not related to participating, doing some kind of project or preparing events. I put it on the activity list and so it starts accumulating these unique tasks in a way or repetitive tasks.

23:53 - Rojo So we try to systemize this thing, like if something is repetitive, just make a task for it. No need to put it in the list basically.

24:03 - Tevo Saks and the overview of aggregation comes from Excel. From all of these, all the Bs across every river.

24:10 - Rojo Hey, Florence, Okay.

24:13 - Tevo Saks And the Da.

24:15 - Peter Elfrink Could it make sense to focus for now on getting just super clear on how everybody can prepare his list so that it's actually, right, incorrect because I feel like if we're not gonna one by one go over these lists and try to fix, we'll spend the whole session and maybe not even get there. And at the same time I do have to note that I think right now, I 1st internally to request uh, funds sent to my wallet which I can then to or not my wallet the ambassador which I then can send to the treasury. So practically speaking it up, we can do a payment anyway today and not trying to be a donner, but I feel like since this is the very 1st time we're even going into this process and honestly if I was properly aware of that, I would have prepared my, my own list.

25:01 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, in my mind getting full clarity on what's expected and how we just the process side of it, that would be good to have.

25:18 - Rojo On the other hand, Peter, we can use this as an auditing way as well. I mean it, it's good for all of us to look at everyone's. I mean tests and all these things and also perhaps for example tivo has a different perspective right now that I didn't understand before like where he is trying to identify patterns I didn't think about it that way before where you can for example something like preparing a work group meeting that could be done separately in these things like perhaps we can I don't know maybe we don't have to go too long but perhaps we can benefit a little bit from this perspective

25:54 - Peter Elfrink That's Rush Just trying to think what makes most sense in spending time wise.

26:06 - Rojo He was already done went through all of them.

26:10 - Tevo Saks I found forty five I guess it's fine and yeah I didn't see here well technically we are very close so we have fly doing this and then hedel two to figure out is and then we are basically because then we can move to the next stage and You can already see what happens then once we get this right and what they are here. If you don't, okay, so you put into a title how much it takes time, so let's calculate together. Four Five Point Deep Fun Town Hall Okay, but is Dee Font Hall also recording participation?

27:02 - Tevo Saks Okay, so we don't need that data. Treasury Co and Incubation are recording participations. Okay, so the, fly how far you are?

27:25 - Fly I'm working on it. It's pretty close I think, but I have to hop off in uh, 2 min,

27:35 - Tevo Saks Okay, so let's then leave you Peter and he to be audited since we're not gonna get reward anyway, that's then we can just show what's gonna happen next, basically.

27:50 - Fly I think we could even have our own session with ambassadors to just like enable people who haven't got there yet.

28:04 - Tevo Saks Oh, I don't know why I opened it, I need to open it. And another thing now related to this, should I already start using the Excel from Single Art Net? Well, I couldn't use right now because again that what we complicated was now if there is two systems, I'm updating the Swarm treasury with these voting wits and we did the last updates also in Swarm. So all, all the database is now outdated on the Singularity Net one. And we never, as you can see in these we come, we don't really have time to train to use that people to use that.

28:47 - Tevo Saks So I'm wondering should we have a different work group of people who are, who we go through and doing this contribution stuff? Or based on our current understanding and, and the level of work groups are now working on, do we want to not.

29:07 - Fly Yeah.

29:12 - Tevo Saks Learn to use this treasury management and keep it as a treasury good service. Farmer So that's also an option to consider.

29:23 - Fly I think it's a good skill for all ambassadors to learn to kind of record their own stuff and put it into an inoperable fashion. I think it's kind of necessary to scale so that there's not treasury kind of managing just a web. It may take a bit longer to teach people to fish, but then they're kind of enabled.

30:02 - Tevo Saks Okay, not thinking we actually have the problems, so. What I thought we're do is we're gonna take all of these activity lists in and we add a dollar amount here. What looks like you're not gonna do that, Okay, so if you're gonna test, ask me. Is already registered. I wish that to you. Impossible. Let's see if it's in there. Because I do a activity list somewhere in the different work group. Okay, so I'm just gonna filter out this date and that should be it. You just there. Okay, corporations, community documentation No, we need more tags.

31:13 - Tevo Saks Ring also. Tack suporting. Basks. It's documenting. Okay, let's turn into the system now. Let's filter out. Let's start with example me, then let's do a date and only April and I guess only April then. Oh, I wonder, did this now actually put it into a me? A Yes, it puts the activity list into me. Okay, so I can. The list. Wonder how to be automated. So basically now I get to see all the activities I did and also on the Singular Connect. Pny P No, it's not correct. It's missing. It's missing process, school activities.

33:26 - Tevo Saks We cannot do it by day. The lists Another one is also in May. Okay, so we both are in May. May I make it? That would be forty six hours almost. Already reported, our peaceful.

34:05 - Rojo I believe uh, if we go about it like we, discussed it before, which is the hourly, maximum 15 it seems, I don't know if it's feasible, looking at the sheet right now, because already the, the dates a little messed in there and we don't the dates from the activities.

34:31 - Tevo Saks Well, what the two takes that are messed up here are. These are a good point, this participation ones needs to be removed, but that's how to be kind of because the only thing we need from this month is the activity P list or actually what I can do is. I don't even know how to remove it. Yeah, we need to create a different table.

35:07 - cran Are we not tracking meetings? Is that you guys are discussing right now?

35:12 - Tevo Saks We do have meetings, but not this month meetings that's like how do we remove these ones? So let's take all our new strategy, let's take more long buss, doors, then it's creating totally new document and then we can start playing around it. Can down a card because we know you were okay after it.

35:50 - cran at twenty one point five of my test points come from march just half away on that that matters.

35:59 - Tevo Saks sure, Okay, so we have these people then we only filter in May and March where we have to manually remove may stop, create a report to my treasury report. And now we have okay for cod that we don't need everything else. I select all that symbol in it. Didn need go that. Month of May. Let's remove everything that act. Let's move awaiting what is not activity. Please go to next month. And now these are all. Correct ones, right? Ran Rojo activities. So we, these are right and these are all the tasks than you have.

37:21 - Tevo Saks A little. Did you remove something? He said all. Let's check if I find my name. Does it give the correct amount? I removed something to start over again. Save. Okay, so from what we see right now, what are the main issues we having? Because we, we cannot. We're not making it easy for ourselves to get this exact dates out. How did it get removed? We have only may. It should remove all of the Sur activity. List Remove these from the list. Should be able to remove these now. Des. So late.

38:49 - Tevo Saks Begin, forgot and done this Mert. Some reason I get less Haus than before. When I looked at the original table. The three parent with here Eef. May and April. So get forty six hours there and less here Because I, if I removed Today if I remote ease and now I need tap to it list. It's one, okay, so actually it was correct. That's why I made a new Excel because it wasn't showing the correct answer before. So then it means you have. This is correct, we can make a data fel table.

40:03 - Fly I think could you just go back and tell us what was correct about it? Cause. It would be nice to know for future reference.

40:15 - Tevo Saks well I was previously I was comparing my number with forty six hours which I got from original table, but I forgot that it included this participation of this month, and actually that accumulated over 12 h. If I this amount off from this original, this custom table Ied, so where we can actually compare our stuff. We needed to remove everything thats go. S Then it was actually correct. You understand what they were saying?

41:06 - Fly Yeah, I think so, thanks.

41:09 - Tevo Saks Okay, so let's now refresh this. Now let's take names and Kim balls and what else we want to know. Not names, wallets, give us our time spent this month. We had so times this one hundred these the values. I cannot do that well it's not that hard so basically rojo did twenty seven hours last month randa did almost sixty hours fixty seven hours a little more and id thirty hours.

42:11 - Fly did crowndale that twenty of those hours were from march and those included in the fifty nine.

42:17 - Tevo Saks Yeah, they are included in there. Actually, also my few March hours are included there, but it was like only last few days, it's including the meetings.

42:30 - Rojo excluding the meetings or including the meetings I she.

42:41 - Tevo Saks all the other masks.

42:46 - Fly This is just a general overlook for March and April.

42:53 - Rojo It seems to be a different number from what I had from my from my sheet, I don't know why.

43:01 - Tevo Saks Then either these the sheet you had Why removed either all of these participation Because I removed every participation point and if there was actually a skipped that there was no ambassador downfall Least the people are in the We to, we actually have ambassador downhole participations to we, if we no longer do because I'm lecturing, I don't see right now.

43:43 - Rojo holes. Don't really record them anymore.

43:46 - Peter Elfrink I just checked it seems after thirty nine There's no more. Guess that's on me. At the same time this was always done by Felix, and then not always Not a good blend. There.

44:12 - Tevo Saks okay then yes, I Because I removed all values from Rojo, and I guess so myself. Probably what I did was I removed every time for our participation. So if we add these on top to any everybody, it's like four to 6 h, I know like how long which last.

44:43 - Fly Surely if this has happened with one of them, they could have happened multiple.

44:47 - Tevo Saks In that case, I would actually blanket, give everybody just all ambassadors for extra hours.

44:56 - Fly But what I'm saying is if it happened with town hall, then there is a problem to retroactively put the 4 h back because in that process that might have happened to other meetings or other tasks or no.

45:14 - Tevo Saks The River Group should know that they record to participation and for process and treasury go are and skipped any.

45:22 - Fly Okay, but then if we go retroactively fitting them back on, then we don't know exactly if anymore have fallen down the crack that we're missing.

45:36 - Rojo I'm pretty sure in my case that some are missing, so I will probably do like a revisit for that. So yeah.

45:45 - Fly Yeah, I think it's a good, it's a good thing to get these values and then if we kind of uh, ask everyone to cross check again.

46:01 - Rojo table, we, we do have access to that table, right? The table that you have, then you can easily cross track.

46:09 - Tevo Saks I can drop it into the Ambassadors on the Channel.

46:15 - Rojo That's cool. Yeah, Then I guesss after maybe a day or two we can all, cross check and then make our stuff right, basically.

46:31 - Tevo Saks Okay, so. We're planning next. So everybody, well, not everybody has to check the stuff. Yes, so let's, let's. De site that we have at the ambassador townhouse, we don't check the baad door. Toon holes, plank for hours to everybody.

47:08 - Peter Elfrink Well, alternative Um,

47:09 - Tevo Saks Actually.

47:11 - Peter Elfrink alternatively I just make the video, I used videos. Input from making these.

47:24 - Tevo Saks What one?

47:24 - Rojo can you say about.

47:26 - Peter Elfrink Well, we have the recording, so we can still make the tasks for it, for the tunnels.

47:36 - Rojo Fair enough.

47:40 - Peter Elfrink Not a fun job, but yeah.

47:43 - Tevo Saks I'm not sure we need to do this overhead. I would like let's, I would call it lesson learned, let's keep on doing it. The new Tw test every time in new download joins and at very 1st we share the link. So it's not that as a facilitator you have to assign people, but whose people who join, they put themselves up there or at least there, it's their kind of in sanctity, do they want to be recognized or not?

48:14 - Peter Elfrink I I do agree,

48:22 - Rojo also Tomy noted something. He said it is interesting that there are currently about 13 h per week. If everyone attended each meeting, that would be around. And he did some calculation in there.

49:05 - Tevo Saks Ambassador Check Give strategic and incorporate the group and marketing. Ford has great participation task for each meeting. It's missing. They add it to the activity list. We only check strategy and incubator group. And marketing pool group. And that should be a quick thing to go over. And we only look at May month, May, not May, April. Let's get some numbers from there. And then we will be having. Then you get a little more clarification. In case of crono, I wouldn't actually bother with you all.

50:15 - Tevo Saks Well, you would get extra gimbals, but if you find that this overhead is a bit too much, then it's not needed because you already hit the max as understood, like 50 h. Now the question is what happens for example in felix case what is the reward for him then. The last month.

50:41 - Rojo The maximum is 60 by.

50:43 - Tevo Saks Okay, and the minimum or the, the usual about how it's calculated.

50:48 - cran Something I wanna mention is we might need a standard amongst everything on how many weeks or at a month I normally do four point three three but it's technically more like four point three five and that's doesn't seem like a big deal but that's the difference between fifty weeks in a year versus fifty two weeks in a year sixty hours a month versus sixty five hours a month just not to complicate things I know it's already a complicated day but something to think about this spreadsheet has it at four point two I think so we might just need to have some sort of standard as we're talking about budgeting and things like that.

51:27 - Rojo I would be in favor of doing a monthly standard instead of weekly just because of this overhead that we are facing, right? Yeah, just to determine which tasks are being done in a certain week, that's already a, a messy job to be honest.

51:49 - Tevo Saks I would for now make iteration monthly.

51:55 - cran Well I guess for instance if there's sixty two thousand five hundred a jx per month and forty eight percent goes to ambassadors that's thirty thousand a jx if you split that seven ways that's four thousand two hundred eighty five this number is four thousand one hundred fifty four so like not to nitpick on it it's just there are differences and

52:21 - Tevo Saks If you start doing it weekly.

52:25 - Rojo Yes.

52:26 - Tevo Saks It's basically a bit of a too much overhead because look at right now we are power into call and I mean once it gets streamlined and we get more pools, but right now we'd have to consider that the capabilities we have kind of messiness, so I think it would be easier to aggregate.

52:49 - cran I I agree but I guess not even thinking about weeks there's sixty two thousand five hundred a jx in a month forty eight percent for ambassadors if you divide that by seven that's four thousand two hundred eighty five point seven one and some other numbers this this amount in yeah k seven is four thousand one hundred fifty four.

53:16 - Tevo Saks But I'm still kind of confused, what is the reward? So I understand that for Grand, it's easy. We will give you the maximum of kind of forget what is the amount I give you? Maximum.

53:30 - Rojo well tivo the reward is if you're gonna do this monthly so you will take the total hours that a person did in a month you will divide it by sixty and then you will look at that ratio if it's lesss than one then you multiply it with that total of four four thousand two hundred something or four thousand one thousand uh for four thousand one hundred if it's more than one which is the the case if you are exceeding the maximum then you will round it uh uh round it down to one okay so you calculate this new ratio which is like uh total hours sixty.

54:05 - Fly You dude, I'm not a mathematician. You're gonna have to write this equation down for me, dude.

54:11 - Rojo I think you can do it over excel you.

54:13 - Tevo Saks Okay so the for four thousand one hundred fifty four jx is for each ambassador per month maximum.

54:23 - Rojo Yes.

54:25 - Fly No, wait, wait. But Cendana was uh, raising that. It isn't this number, like it's, it's not.

54:32 - Rojo four thousand two hundred eighty five.

54:34 - Fly Thanks Rojo Uh, it's, it's the number that, yeah, the Cran is specified and in the, in the hours here. Didn't we say that like there was some from March and April, so in these values, so is this, are these the values that we take the hours of from March directly are we just using this as an example now? I don't

55:04 - Rojo I think fly because most of us, not most us, all of us right now have some problems with these numbers. I think this is just an example, it's not the final calculation, I believe.

55:14 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I would actually keep it as a final calculation. Like I mean, yes, we have few March stuff there, but it is that issue like we started the program at the end of March somewhere. If we remove the march, we just remove rebox from few people and it had we have to go back to the activity list, change some numbers and like the cost of all doing, all that is, probably is coming out to exceed what we are actually getting out of that. But now if we do this month correctly and we kind of understand, how do we get rewarded this month?

55:54 - Tevo Saks It should be much easier to just we keep P track now we don't combine different months together, just the activity list of unique things is going to be. Based on one month and all the other activities, what are being done? They get the date based on when we imported them into the treasury system and when we do that almost twice week depending on on the if you are having contribution and technically do it once per week because they never really get to pull that in in the Thurs place.

56:16 - Peter Elfrink Hell.

56:36 - Fly I want everyone to get the maximum rewards as possible, but on some level it feels like we haven't got the process right and it feels weird to kind of push it through as the final thing when we know we're not going to be paid today and like, we all needed another session to kind of get it, get it right, at least so I would, I, I would be hesitant about putting it through as the final thing. I think it's a really good process to practice.

57:10 - Peter Elfrink Yeah, I kind of agree with that, but also I would not, yeah, I also agree with, with the process if, if, the additional efforts, if that's gonna be like, too much uh you know but there's even an additional um complicating thing because we kind of agreed that the fifteen hours per week would be the maximum if we do a calculation this way it would be a monthly maximum so you this this would allow for one week doing five hours next week doing twenty five hours.

57:43 - Fly Hey.

57:43 - Peter Elfrink Not saying that's a Bill breaker, but that's currently something we agree on, which is not reflected in the calculations.

57:50 - Fly Good plan.

57:51 - Rojo Perhaps uh, if, next month, of course this month is already a little bit messed up, it, it will be hard to do the weekly thing, very hard, but for next month perhaps we can separate this, the documentation into four weeks, like each week you do a separate documentation. That's one solution I think, that might make it easier.

58:22 - Fly That's true. I think that the best thing for me in this session would be if like uh, you come out here, if here with just a set process that we can go, go back and work on our stuff with.

58:41 - Tevo Saks at current based on these four people the rewards would be felix and almost eight hundred agx I will get two thousand six hundred agx crandon I will get maximum four thousand three hundred or so and roger will get two thousand two hundred so it Is that the correct way? I was going about it and there is no like otherwise could, if we have like a hover rate, we could just flat these hours and calculate it based our let. Because this is kind of two starts, the same thing and yeah, what Peter mentioned that if we now, when we're not Obviously we're not going to reward right now, but if we do, rewarding the way we do it right now and these rewards that you actually did today but was or like you did this Monday, but we only took in on Tuesday and assuming the task was audited, maybe just move it to the interview but forgot to audit it.

59:47 - Tevo Saks Then it also moves forward. What still happens is that these contributions then put up to the next month and we will have this kind of issue that if you are leveraging like rundown or near the maximum, then you always gonna be like, okay, may start losing rewards, but I will actually think it differently that all these people who are not hitting their maximum rewards, we could reduce their like monthly budget and I would actually, I think it's like to me, I, when this, all this. Thing came out, this strategy, I assume we're going to get flat trade whatever we do, which is going to get rewarded.

1:00:28 - Tevo Saks And right now we are still running based on per power like every task we do. And so I'm going to confuse the the maximum is just still define okay so it's not that big of a deal but what we could do is that we start using these numbers we see so if we see granda is taking sixty four hours For only him for the next month, we allocate up to 70 h and for those who are spending less time, we could like start leveraging down, but they still get the full amount. So yes, this will start playing with our kind of like our rates.

1:01:09 - Tevo Saks In this case, Felix will get like five times more rewards than for the work what he will do, but the next time he will get, he will be able to do less work at a time. So it's kind of starts playing so it's like eating you play games anyway.

1:01:29 - Peter Elfrink Small, small remark there. I, I do have to hope, but I would say changing the allocation on a personal level every time, that that would complicate it a lot.

1:01:41 - Tevo Saks Hey.

1:01:47 - Fly For me, like this kind of needs a session with the ambassadors, these are us eleven. And for us to set this, set this out not just for the people here but also the people that are not here that are also going to per have to be on boarded now into this process that I think like I would love if we can do a session in the next week where we just kind of try and get all the ambassadors set up and then just do with, do with April, and send, send out for, for the ambassadors kind of in a block and then we know April is solid and then we don't come into this thing you're about of like, although there's these on things, I and I personally don't agree with kind of leveraging up and down people's hours, even though I think I, I could do leverage more, but I think.

1:02:54 - Tevo Saks Okay,

1:02:55 - Fly I don't know.

1:02:56 - Tevo Saks so Are we going to have a different workshop for that or we are going to leverage Treasure Requ If we are going to leverage Treasure Regi meeting We had three different work groups planned for next week that wanted to kind of propose and get started. Are we going to postpone all these new proposals or we are going to deal with these two issues at the same and

1:03:24 - Stephen Tiva, I mean speaking for myself, because I'm one of those proposals for a new work group, that that new work group does involve a budget, but clearly the urgent thing is sorting out the basics here. Okay? And the This is obvious. This is to me, I mean, I'm quite familiar with what's going on here and it's still confusing, okay? It needs to be a lot simpler. There's also it's highlighting, it's quite interesting. It's highlighting the disadvantages and the overhead of tracking things by Hos.

1:03:56 - Stephen Okay, so we need to get out of that mindset a little bit and maybe think in terms of minimum rewards to keep things simple. So for an ambassador, let's say you pay an ambassador a set amount and that's based on trust, okay, anything that exceeds that, okay, they can record in task points and that becomes indicative of contribution, not of pay, okay, because you know, they're paid for, so. Budgeting probably needs to be per ambassador for their projects, you know, to make things simple.

1:04:30 - Stephen Yeah, Otherwise you've into a situation where You've got everyone coming in with different activity lists and then you review, you're just double. Doubling and quadrupling the work because you're double auditing things, you know, you're creating and all. You're asking people to audit their own work and then you're auditing people's work again, you know.

1:04:53 - Tevo Saks This will happen even with simplified process. I think this is just that, that a starting hurdle and that learning process to kind of get this correct and after one or two months I wouldn't be thinking at all if Cramdown or Fly or Plis are doing their activity list correctly and I'm not auditing their Tver tests anyway on the activities because that was a new paradigm, new model, how to record stuff. So I was like checking to make sure that we are on all pages and for all the Dew tests, I don't a it them, I just put them into the test and we got these results out there.

1:05:26 - Stephen Okay. The 1st question and it's not clear actually, the 1st question that an ambassador will ask is, what should I record, you know, should I? Because you're already recording participation in meetings, Yeah, so there's already work that's already recorded just by being part of the clarity there, yeah. And that's not record,

1:05:48 - Tevo Saks Hey.

1:05:49 - Stephen that's not ambassador work as it were. The ambassador work is just work that you do as an ambassador, yeah, and within your own work group, is that right?

1:06:03 - Tevo Saks Yes, all activities that are not recorded in Dev as well.

1:06:04 - Stephen Yes, and that that point itself is hard to grasp for our people, because, you see, because That's already complicating the complication, okay, I mean, so yeah, gone.

1:06:23 - Fly I, I saw one person I think is uh, Tommy putting on the, a deep fun town hall, like the attendance of that and uh, it's also been questions before about, okay, well if, if people are reading up on or up skilling themselves, is that a task point? If they're attending deep funding town hall is, is that a task point? I think uh, it would be good to kind define

1:06:57 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I assume the ambassador don't holds. Every participants gets task points.

1:07:03 - Fly I said the funding tunnel example.

1:07:06 - Tevo Saks Tiffany Sa for Tiff and But the Way. But that's a great question. Do we want to include deep funding in here? Okay, because right now it's.

1:07:23 - Fly And like also break up projects, like with breakout projects, if we're like, spending some time connecting with them, for instance, or making, making a relation. Yeah, I guesss this contracted out further, but

1:07:38 - cran I think it should all count. I think we should be pretty relaxed on it if they, if we're setting some maximum or minimum amount of rewards like, you know, deep funding, town hall, if you go to the governance meeting last week, it's like, I think that should count as an, as an hour, like why not or. But I, I agree with Steven's take on we need to get away from hours, but man, it's really hard to track work without having the hour mindset in these early days. I'm, I'm not sure what a better solution is.

1:08:08 - Stephen Well, I'll put this out here, but I'm going to say this is a solution, but think about this just to say we trust the ambassadors, we give them the flat, okay, And the need for ambassador you, there is trust, but you also verify, okay, So maybe every month you go in and say, okay, it's the ambassador's responsibility to keep track of what they've done. Now that can vary from ambassador to ambassador, but you just, you could use a rule of thumb to say, okay, this looks like they have done.

1:08:34 - Stephen Usually it's obvious if people aren't doing anything, okay, and then you pay that and that's, that's zero, not much overhead, okay, Then you have what the ambassadors do, their projects.

1:08:45 - Fly Thank you.

1:08:46 - Stephen And this is what bewilders me a little bit because I've been approaching approaching the archive work group as a project, not as a person. Okay, there seems to be the wrong way around, you know, because if you're doing something like marketing or archiving or video production, that's not a person That's a project, okay, and it needs a budget for that activity, you know, and so that that can then go, that can be then costless, cost outside of the individual, you see. So that's, I don't see that happening here and it's confusing.

1:09:26 - Felix Weber could we done maybe experiment as a really 1st step, let's say okay, when we see Holy and task points, we are quite good in the work for the work groups and all that stuff there because we have each two weeks When we send out a transaction there, it's quite a amount. And we see that for other use cases it doesn't fit. So what alternative to our or task point based. Approach Can we take.

1:09:59 - Stephen Yeah, I mean it does, it's not. I just put it out there as an idea for it. It doesn't. It kind of begs the question of what is the meaning of what we're doing. Which is kind of like, you know, we are recording task points on D work, okay, and the reason why we're doing that is partly because is to try and reward people, trying to incentivize people.

1:10:22 - Felix Weber Do you think.

1:10:22 - Stephen I'd get that, but it's not reliable and it will not be reliable because the only way it would be reliable is if everyone used D work in exactly the same way and that's not gonna happen, believe me.

1:10:39 - Felix Weber I hope so.

1:10:41 - Stephen Yeah, yeah. And you know, And even if it did happen, it would be a full time job for all of us to do that.

1:10:48 - Felix Weber Hey.

1:10:49 - Stephen So I would think in those terms, I'm thinking, what are we if we did this workshop? Tov I would ask that question like what are we expecting from Dw, what we expected? It has point what we're trying to achieve that. How are we paying the ambassadors what's the level of trust do we have with the ambassadors do we say okay we're paying the am busters say for example one thousand dollars a month or something or whatever yeah and then and then we check we do a sanity check on that to say okay every month we'll check that no one's taking the piss you know.

1:11:22 - Tevo Saks Technically, this was the way I understood this system was pulled for that. But now I like in recent weeks I understand that, you know, we are not getting flat rewards as ambassadors, but basically the ambassador role gave us no extra opportunity. It just complicated us like, it didn't add any new value it just created new complexity because the wold system the way it was designed to kind of with the soo craic goals and work groups was that we report everything we like if you are in this meeting for example I facilitate and I also participate I get two hours for this Felix Perhaps and then or like that's one thing,

1:12:04 - Stephen Yep.

1:12:10 - Tevo Saks but all these activities, what we could do, like there's all other alternative that we do a video, you can do video summaries, you can do video like like weird stuff on with videos and you call if you're You're all able to do that a lot of things in that 1 h at the same time because you have just different skills and expectations and accountability to make sure that this Harar is well spent within these people.

1:12:39 - Stephen I mean the balance is, is far tooo much on the way of tracking as against a contribution you want. It needs to go back to the ambassadors doing the work. This supposed be doing, not tracking the work they're supposed to be doing. That's the problem we have. Is You know, so that's why you would want to sacrifice some detail in tracking so that ambassadors can get on with doing some of their work. That's really the main question here, I'd say, and it's not an easy question because there's not an easy answer to it,

1:13:08 - Tevo Saks Damn.

1:13:11 - Stephen but it, it involves degrees of trust and things and what kind of level of information we need to provide from an audibility perspective, you know. And maybe that's just about minimums. So it's just saying, okay, keep a record of what you're doing or. You know, to a certain level of quality, but we're not going to enforce that on you, but all we're gonna do is just say every month do a sanity check.

1:13:40 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I think the way this strategy went Auster, the budget kind of came up as I said it was, they actually did like a retrospective look based on previous, how rewards were allocated, how it feels like, and then they came up with these numbers and I think if it, perhaps it's better that we Spain 1st like up to four months doing this back and forth, so we have now numbers, but when we are not forced to hit these, like if it, we end up spending 70 % on ambassadors, well then we know that we need to either reallocate or reallocate our purpose, what are we going to do, like the activities?

1:14:24 - Tevo Saks Then we, and we allow double tipping so that we.

1:14:25 - Stephen But when I was.

1:14:28 - Tevo Saks This allows emergent ambassadors, some Massad, are those who are capable of

1:14:34 - Stephen Project management practice creeping in here when I was drafting the budget with the Nsa earlier in the past few days. You do not value people based on ours. Okay, you value them in terms of their contribution. That's different. It's not the same thing, you know, So Someone with a highly skilled expert in something is costs far, far more per hour than someone, I hate to say it, you know, it can take a lot more contribution in 1 h than it takes someone just attend to meet you for 4 h, okay.

1:15:06 - Tevo Saks That's why I'm like mentioning this double dipping is is actually the way you actually find ambassadors to skilled people if you're able to do participations. Facilitation documentation reporting at the same how all at the time then we kind of found somebody who has that.

1:15:27 - Stephen I, I would go even further that and get away from that and just say, what is this person contributing every month, Okay, in general terms, okay, what's,

1:15:36 - Tevo Saks But this this kind of detailed knowing of task will give that general view. But Granda wants to say something.

1:15:43 - Stephen I don't think it will, no, I don, I, I don't, yeah, sorry, yeah.

1:15:48 - cran Yeah, I was just going to say a lot of the complication came from and the reason we're trying to do this monthly rate instead of put everything on d work is we got to the point where some people were going to, you know, eight plus hours of meetings a week, but meetings aren't paid out. And then also the thinking process that we bootstrapping the program. So, you know, just even little things like having meetings with certain people to curate and do meetings and plan out meetings, keeping an eye on discord and all these.

1:16:24 - cran Just like little micro things that I don't wanna track and Dw and shit like that. So I just, I just wanna mention that part, like And then what, What do you guys think about just using the time map that Steven and I think others are utilizing? You just clock in and out when you're doing shit and work a little bit or just link to those hours and d work and put the task down. Like I. And I, I also understand, like getting rid of the, the hours mindset, I'd like to do that too. And I like your thought on doing like a minimum.

1:17:02 - cran I see it like right now as we're kind of experimenting until July when we look at the budget again and move forward and yeah, the sorry.

1:17:10 - Stephen yeah, is it is an experiment. I don't mean to be. Yeah, so it, we're not going to get it right straight away. So I agree, I just These things are tricky and also what we're trying to do, we're trying, we're trying to tokenize what we're doing, we're trying to. So that is going to be tricky, but sorry, I'll give a probably talking too much on this.

1:17:33 - Tommy Frey I don't know my internet will,

1:17:34 - cran you.

1:17:35 - Tommy Frey will hold up. And I gotta get off in about 10 min. Can you all hear me? Just shake your heads. If you can hear me.

1:17:43 - Tevo Saks No.

1:17:43 - Tommy Frey Okay,

1:17:44 - Rojo Yeah,

1:17:46 - Tommy Frey all the discussion is great. But as, as Craner just said, it's an experiment until the end of the quarter and we should take this out of Treasury and discuss it elsewhere. But right now, from March, April, May and June, how are we going to report this? You want it now, broken down by week, this is. Peter said this originally was agreed to be on a weekly basis, or are we doing it on a monthly basis? And do you want us not to report the stuff that should have been recorded, such as the meetings?

1:18:21 - Tommy Frey And then we just add in our additional outreach work, so to speak, or group leads. Just so we have a practical approach because we're now almost 2 h into this meeting and we. Debating stuff that's gonna happen next quarter. So practically and I only in mind, basically, I only did one month and I started April and then I said, hold on, how do you want us to re report it? Tivo So it's easier for you to administer.

1:18:59 - Tevo Saks I will just stick with the activity list, making sure that these Sts points are correct and are not double picked. Because we already designed our like way, we're working to not double activities.

1:19:18 - Tommy Frey So do you want us not to report the stuff that should be or should have been recorded? So, okay,

1:19:27 - Tevo Saks Yes.

1:19:27 - Tommy Frey so, and then do you want it done by week or by the month?

1:19:37 - Fly be honest, I think that month works because the whole idea of the gang and activity list was to kind of look over it and see where to aggregate tasks into other tasks which can be put in other parts of the Dw. So like since the Crown and Fly meetings or preparations is something from this month, for me and Cronan to like aggregate together into a separate task and just list all the subtasks that.

1:20:11 - Tommy Frey Yeah, I I agree it should. I think it should be monthly, but Peter raised an objection since we originally agreed. You can't get more than 15 h a week. So if you're reporting monthly, your weekly effort is not transparent and it violates. I, It's not what we agreed on. That's, that's I'm

1:20:36 - Tevo Saks we can do Weekly activity lists I'm like what happens is that we, because we are doing these lists anyway per week and with, but as soon as you're out it, you're not able to finish your activity list every week and it just creates you four times more overhead. This is all comes back to paperwork and

1:21:05 - Tommy Frey I, I agree, and we need to simplify it. So without Peter here, do we just agree to do it on a monthly basis And then how is the audit, that he's talking about 15 h per week, max, how do we handle that issue? And I'd rather just do it on a monthly basis, that's what I'm for.

1:21:32 - cran I think ambassadors yeah should be encouraged to do it weekly and then add it all into one task as we're doing it since it's due monthly that way we don't have forty four tasks a month of just weekly reports from eleven different ambassadors but you know it's just it's due monthly so it would be up to the ambassador I think but that way we don't get to a point where it's like the first week of of the month that things are due for treasury and people are you know we're still trying to out our task list.

1:22:06 - cran And then I think people can also just simply use a clock in, clock out app and link to it and just put your task points in to Dw or take a picture of it or or whatever works.

1:22:25 - Rojo a little small detail if we gonna go the weekly route, perhaps t you can figure out a way to have these uh, weekly meetings and stuff like that, separated weekly.

1:22:39 - Tevo Saks Well, this all these weekly meetings are already separated by day, so they are weekly, and

1:22:46 - Rojo No, but you, you'll have to filter them down weekly so that we do the sum up of the,

1:22:51 - Tevo Saks Ah,

1:22:52 - Rojo of the hours weekly.

1:22:52 - Tevo Saks be.

1:22:53 - Rojo So that's an overhead, but uh, I believe it's doable using Excel, so it's fine.

1:22:58 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I don't think we actually have a problem. I can simply we have four different in, in. We did skip 1st week and we skipped last week because something happened last week. We meant to do it in treasury good, but we couldn't do so. We still have.

1:23:27 - Fly It feels like we, there's a lot of questions that we can't answer here that we can cover by uh, in a session next week. Like just, I consider that when. In the process of like getting this role. I, I guess we all imagined or we want to simplify this process and I see that the The route we're going out with Tivo, like it may seem a bit opaque and a bit difficult, but I think on some level it will provide a lot of data for us to simplify. So I think that, I think that we should, should kind of like follow through on this process to try and to try and perfect it and I think then it will hopefully simplify it to like enable more trust.

1:24:22 - Tevo Saks I would actually, agree with like because if we do it monthly with super simplified. We are able. And if our goal is to get it to weekly, let's set us aside that in like two months link two iterations because like everything I see, with every project we kind of need to have at least two iterations to compare. Are we moving to the right direction? And right now we're this the 1st pump of getting the 1st iteration over. If you don't consider document itself to be a 1st iteration.

1:24:57 - Stephen But what was mentioned before in this meeting, the I think it is very urgent is to Hold a work group, I mean if you could facilitate a Tivo on how to simplify the process which has involves all the ambassadors. I think that's the next step and that's probably the most urgent thing we can do because. Yeah, you know. You need to be.

1:25:27 - Tevo Saks But then, then we fall back to what we already discussed at the beginning, that I'm going to share this spreadsheet in the ambassadors on the chat, everybody checks if they have duplicated values of strategy incubator market in cooled and they add these hours in again and that's it. And then we have the full April and a little bit of Marchal Litt. We reward these based on the calculation you gave me,

1:25:52 - Fly Hello.

1:25:55 - Tevo Saks which will be then around these rewards to everybody and

1:26:01 - Stephen Yeah, you refer, you referring back to something that was discussed amongst fewer people. I'm talking, I'm talking about going forward, you know, So with the whole set of all the new ambassadors and everything, you know, who will after. There's a couple of things going on here. There's also understanding what the expectations are, okay, understanding how to do this, you know, you're referring back to something which not everyone was participating in. That's what I mean as well.

1:26:34 - Stephen It's like, you know, so it just feels that this is opaque.

1:26:40 - Fly Yeah.

1:26:42 - Stephen Actually,

1:26:48 - Tevo Saks Everybody are participating. If you're using teamwork, you're already part of this calculation.

1:26:59 - Stephen Well, well, only Not everyone is using D working in the same way, though, are they? And that's another problem. Not every we, not not every work group has a budget that is aligned with D work. There's no distinction between individual activities and project activities.

1:27:22 - Tevo Saks there are and not everybody will get revived because we only, only laser focus on these ambassador of ours for those who are ambassadors. So if you would calculate for your rewards to Steven, we have a lot, all these participate in Reas, God, you can see you are here, we had a call, you are here. One point like these would all sum up to the spinal count and it's like everything. And if you are what you are approaching with is like the proposal and you have a clear budget for items that will be actually simpler for us in the world because you may need not need activity list because you are ready.

1:28:08 - Tevo Saks Like explored the how, like the final outputs and then we would. Still the baseline that everybody puts down the time they spend on this activity and who is doing that. So if you have a project for. I have a project there called Create the process for vetter and translators and throughout several month. Okay, now this is confusing. How do we reward this into Ambassador and

1:28:40 - Stephen Now my point is about going back to You pointed out that my cook, my contribution is already countered by attendance at. Meetings and so on. I'm saying that shouldn't be the case because they're open meetings, anyone can attend to them. The fact that I'm an ambassador now or anyone's in an ambassador is accidental. Okay, what distinguishes an ambassador in terms of contribution is the work they do as an ambassador, not the fact they attend meetings, unless they're facilitating the meetings or arranging the work.

1:29:11 - Stephen That's where the distinction comes in, you know. So if you're,

1:29:15 - Tevo Saks No,

1:29:15 - Stephen this is.

1:29:15 - Tevo Saks I think the, I'm actually not sure how this went for you, but the way other ambassadors are recognized by all the other members of the work they do and it includes just participating, if you're participating for years all over the place and just a work, perhaps you don't get ambassador role, but yes, taking a leadership role will give you a better highlight.

1:29:42 - Stephen I'm just saying just because someone participates in a meeting, it doesn't make them, you know, Z. Does it, you know, or does it, you know? That's the question, you know. It doesn't mean they are an ambassador or whatever. I mean this is what. What is confusing me a little bit about the role actually is that because I don't see it from an individual role perspective, I see it from a project perspective. Okay, so in part of me actually thinks actually would be against the idea of roles.

1:30:15 - Stephen If you elevate roles, you elevate people, not projects. Okay, this, this is completely the wrong way around from my perspective. We, there's kind of mention it now. Okay, there's projects to do, there's things to work on, like marketing, video production process. Archiving, okay, that's what we should protecting, not people.

1:30:39 - Tevo Saks I kind of actually agree with you that and all this role stuff was, I assume it's going to be a on like smaller activities that one row again do and did find up bundles together, all of these different tasks. But then again, it's like another experiment. I thought, like, why not to have all of these different experiments running at once? Of course, now we are feeling that kind of complexity.

1:31:06 - Stephen I'm just putting out there as well because you're gonna get You've got two paradigms emerging here. So, and is there something to be careful of and to be attentive to? Like, you know, if you're awarding people for their contribution, 1st and foremost you're creating and an old program's called the Ambassador Program, what happens to what they do, you know?

1:31:34 - Tevo Saks Yeah, I would say actually even my way of doing hass changed a little where I don't do a lot of nitty gritty stuff anymore and I'm hoping to kind of teach others to do that because it's, I'm just accumulating a lot of not as impactful ours, I would say, but the water.

1:32:01 - cran Yeah, I was just gonna say like the,

1:32:02 - Tevo Saks Hell.

1:32:04 - cran yeah, I get like not having rules, but one, one big thing is just like what two and a half, three months ago things were so disorganized that nothing were getting done. And then we start doing these processes and Moor has gotten accomplished in two and a half months. It feels like since the beginning of the program. And you know in my perspective like why have an ambassador role well you you need like in the very first meeting you know back like may six or whatever it was twenty twenty two you know part of it was like one one little thing looking back to that video like we talked about it's like it'd be good to have a list that's publicly available of like official ambassadors so people don't get scammed people can't be like oh well I'm part of the you know the singularity night ambassador program and there's no way to look like what's the accountability of of this person I understand you could do that through like reputation points and stuff like that instead of an ambassador rule and then for meetings On my participation,

1:33:05 - Tevo Saks Res.

1:33:05 - cran it's good question because Fly and I experimented a lot in marketing Guild and we wanted to do like an hourly rate for participation. We would get some pushback from some people on whether or not we should or should not do that. And then once we started experimenting with it, you have people that just come to the meeting and sit there and don't do anything. And then it's like, well, I don't want to be the dictator on what is participation, but it does seem obvious when you go to like the 1st Incubation meeting and you have like you,

1:33:33 - Tevo Saks He.

1:33:36 - cran Steven and Frass as well as people that are, were already are going to be ambassadors or official ambassadors at the time, where you bring good feedback like you are today. It's like it's obvious when somebody is participating at a level that's helping steer and push the conversation into new territories and boundaries. It's just like I don't want to be the person that dictates whether that person is part participating better than another person.

1:34:11 - Stephen I hear you, and I kind of I don't know, great. The impression. I don't think it's actually an overall situation. It's like, I agree that there's a value to ambassadors, particularly as kind of a badge of trust if you like, like it kind of, particularly in the early start out stages and particularly people who are contributing more than others, which are, that's another meaning of the term ambassadors is people that you can trust, people that you know that you contributed. What is lacking, it seems to me, is a distinction between ambassadors and projects.

1:34:41 - Stephen I suppose that's the, but that's what is getting confused here in my mind. Because and it seems like when there's a lot of discussion about ambassadors or activities, which should actually be discussions about projects, you know,

1:34:55 - Fly I think it's, I think it's a process.

1:34:56 - Stephen Yeah.

1:34:57 - Fly Stephen Like uh, the ambassador role, I see it as like a temporary centralization of organizations so that the other parts can be, developed and I think it's always been the intention from putting up the budget of ambassadors that is going to be distributed to other parts. The treasury is going to be distributed to other parts of the of guilds and work groups and people will get rewards for that. So I think, I think you can be instrumental in kind of helping us get there with, with your project proposal and really working on that as a framework to go forward.

1:35:42 - Fly I think because the program hasn't been developed enough to actually have these projects kind of on top without just sinking into the quicksand, of lack of engagement as it was uh, months ago, like, Now we have people taking up the responsibility and actually I think now is the time to really kind of explore, okay, how do we How do we put a project on that and allocate towards it? I think definitely run the other way of like uh,

1:36:10 - Stephen Sure, sure.

1:36:12 - Fly putting four ambassadors on in these roles when actually it's more like 5 % of our budget now. So I think like in that way I see it as very temporary.

1:36:25 - Stephen There's also like you that apply to what you said is the question of a transition flight, because so, and that's probably why you should facilitate a workshop tivo on this a little bit because it is also about. Like for example the example of the the flat rate for an ambassador that could be a transitionary consideration why because we currently have it Yeah,

1:36:52 - Fly I imagined it like simple people like did their work and then the output shows and then at the end of the month people like,

1:36:53 - Stephen yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Thanks.

1:36:59 - Fly well, of course you deserve that money because look what, look what's happened. And I think we've kind of, it's gone a bit tooo much into like saying by the hours and then kind of auditing by that. And I think perhaps there is a reframe kind of needed here, but I think definitely the goal is to kind of enable trust.

1:37:23 - cran Add.

1:37:24 - Stephen I agree. Sorry.

1:37:26 - cran Yeah, sorry, yeah, I was going to say it can be a bit too rigid. A lot of the, a high percentage of the meetings have, have been budget based, but understandably as we're trying to prod and figure everything out and then, yeah, right now like we're just trying to build a foundation and you need dedicated people for that and that's why, you know, like I, I had stepped back from the program a little bit because it was getting so disorganized, I didn't know how to come together on anything.

1:37:56 - cran And these last two months a lot has been done and you know, I see the rules and reward rate. In these early months the percentage to ambassadors is heavy, but then the hope is that by July we figure out the next step. And then I'd agree, like Steven, you're a big part in like helping us figure out what is the next step. And I don't want Ogs and gatekeeping, but I do want people to be able to be surrounded by responsible individuals. If I went up on a stage in front a tech conference or a crypto conference, I want to be surrounded by individuals that like know their shit, right?

1:38:36 - Stephen No, yeah, I, I don't want to be quite impression on, critical. I completely You can go back and archive and market. You can see that there was a turnaround when you two, like we Fly Credo, started to lead on that because in the beginning often you need to kind of intervene and have strong leadership to get things done. I get that I've been in that space myself before as well, you know. So, but it's like, and I'm quite happy to use the archiving work group or whatever as a test project if you like, you know, I think that could be a good idea as well.

1:39:06 - Stephen And that has been part of my challenge as well, because I've been, it's, I see it as a project and yes, I amm an ambassador. So now when I was appointed an ambassador, I, I now have to take their account in terms of my project budget. So I'm sub, all the costs I'm contributing to my work group, I'm subtracting from my budget if you see, I mean, see, so yeah, because I'm paid for already, you know, So I have to, to make that distinction, you seee. But that distinction doesn't seem to be widespread amongst the whole programm because there's a big emphasis on the ambassador role, you know.

1:39:44 - Stephen So which again is another question,

1:39:47 - Fly Yeah, I think there's had to be emphasis on the ambassador role because the work groups are just so have been so fluid in the early stage, but I think now, now they start to be more crystallized in terms of how they fit together, how they interact. But definitely, like I. As if we can say like,

1:40:14 - Stephen I could do S.

1:40:16 - Fly perhaps don't. Don't abide too much by these stipulations that we've s out. Like we understand it's a interim stage and we want to go into more of a project basis. So In terms making the planning, I don't know whether possible do it like concurrently with looking at both.

1:40:40 - Stephen Oh yeah, absolutely. And I think I, I don't want it to be stipulating as well, but I'm not saying you should be, everyone, should run everything like projects, no, as well, because I mean in a way it may go that way, who knows, because like you, could you example, turn the marketing work group into a marketing project and he could run it like a marketing project, couldn't you? But that's not, that's not necessarily the way to go actually, you know, because it depends your personality, personalities everything.

1:41:07 - Fly And like actually, yeah, depending on the project, like I, I don't think marketing is necessarily right for project, but I think that like, projects could be within Marketing Guild that integrate parts of, okay, writers and part of video work group and part of the other, say graphics and stuff like that. So I, I kind of see there's, there's this guild, there's the work groups coming out, but then actually in order to create stuff, they're going to have to work together. And I think using this kind of project basis where we kind of are starting to integrate parts of these different work groups under these guilds, then I see that like, yeah, part of, part of, the part of initiation with Stategy was that marketing was kind of expected have output, yet there was no kind of overall strategy of the program and things like that.

1:42:05 - Fly So in consideration. There's like, coming up with a strategy then, then there's a project within marketing to kind of implement that strategy in, in a campaign, you know, I think. It very much came from that thought.

1:42:26 - Stephen I mean as yourself. He still experimental, still a kind of also transitionary phase like and also I mean the best thing to do is to meet. I'm still running things in Archive work group on a qui a quas a project approach. If you put it that way, okay, because I'm still the, you know, an ambassador as well, and I get your point about ambassadors and needs still being needed actually for really being the engine of the program in a sense, you know, in the sense of getting things going because it is, as you say, you put it, crystallized.

1:43:01 - Stephen It's about crystallizing things, you know, they will and a certain level of material, of maturity, you know, like when we're on the basis where we can Okay, so this is a project and what, what does it mean to have a project? It means that you're clear about your outputs, you're clear about who's doing what, you know, you know, and, and you're no longer dependent on leading things if you like, The ambassador leads in a sense and they're not there yet. I get that. I could be done of for that.

1:43:34 - Stephen Anoth. A conversation here, so s.

1:43:41 - Tevo Saks Replying A railway to kind of introduce These two proposals I wanted to bring out from Ross S Gilt in order to get some work groups going on, but I will keep them to for the next week. Or maybe in two weeks I will never know because I think, like you said, we have to get this roll stuff up ahead. We needed to consider that this is a parallel experiment and we're running multiple things at the once. That's why we have process schools and then we have roads.

1:44:13 - Stephen Yep.

1:44:16 - Tevo Saks So that process will are basically this project based way that you have a rewarding. But there on I'm also unclear, like technically I have a process school rewards, but I'm my only one who is deciding where to put it or I wanted to kind of everybody who signed up for the session to join and listen,

1:44:34 - Stephen Hey.

1:44:36 - Tevo Saks what's the plan, who are going to do with, what's the outputs, how long it takes, this is how much it's going cost. I already planned that if I take these work, two work groups, I'm no longer going to have any other work groups for the next two months because Process school doesn't have that much rewards and where I am.

1:44:55 - Stephen a project mass approach project management problem too. From my perspective, I was, I'm sure Because I kind of got involved and I fought. Part of me I go to get involved Gg and it is to bring some of my skills to it and I kind of after a little, er, I focused on the archive thing so and what I did was started to build preparation for a project which I've completed, I've done the project proposal, I have a project proposal, where do I take it? I don't know, I don't. Do I take it to treasury deal, do I take it to incubation?

1:45:24 - Fly page. The

1:45:25 - Stephen Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah, these questions are answering themselves. Fly. I, I get it. B See what I mean? It's like trial and error because it's not been done before. There's no one's put forward a proposal for a work group before. So I've kind of just, well, not in a kind of proposal form and not with a budget, which is like I'm put in, I'm trying to put a budget estimate forward, free months. I've been countered for ad pool as well as as preliminaries, which is unpaid. And then I, I have an Eso who like helped me Half the proposed last meeting say, well can we get treasure?

1:46:03 - Stephen Gil At least to review the proposal, which means comments on it, and then we can take it as you say. Flight Probably the best thing to do is take it to incubation, you know, and uh, and then we can and then this, that, the process, that becomes the process for a new work group, Yeah. You know, in the same way that, and, but there seems to be a lack of consistency here, because what about other work groups, You know, these new work groups that you're mentioning in Tiva, the shouldn't they go for the same process?

1:46:33 - Fly Need it and some don't like the like, The AI sandbox doesn't need of the format and the kind of

1:46:47 - Stephen Yeah, I agree and I really, I, yeah, I support that pro because you don't want to be too prescriptive and so yeah, agree, I agree, yeah, so I mean. That's an interesting judgment call, I suppose you know.

1:47:00 - Fly And I think that definitely we're going to need these different approaches and to be able to have a process for both this guerrilla Mvp work group and seeing what happens on the ground and also planning. More this process that is required of an archive work group rather than broadcast or kind of grassroots workshops.

1:47:35 - cran What do you guys think about just setting up like a bi weekly or a weekly for a little while ambassador meeting where we can discuss these things cause we have obviously have some things where we need to like, you know, we got eleven ambassadors, we all need to get on the same page on how to mark down our task for the month. You know, I don't, I don't want to get to June 1 and you have four or five people with like a shitty task list or or whatever and then we're back to the same thing.

1:48:06 - Fly I think it, I think that the like terms of being an ambassador could really help with this, like the expectation that you do come to. Treasury and process. And like these, these kinds of work groups where we are by the end. You have on boarded if we do it correctly. For instance, I think that definitely could be a case where we s, our process, we get good between us. And then there's four people that don't, aren't attending these meetings. And then they say, oh, what do we do? And then we have to kind of

1:48:48 - cran Maybe having like a weekly or B weekly meeting can help a little bit. And then also I think we're gonna have some ambassadors like perhaps Sucres more into onboarding, maybe she only puts in five or six or 7 h a week. I think we need a leave room for ambassadors as well that aren't planning to put in like the full amount of time or as much time. And then, you know, that is where rewards need to be somewhat calculated on amount of work because you're gonna have some people in these structures that are like, well, I can only work four or 5 h a week, but that shouldn't them in the long run from being able to become an ambassador, something like that.

1:49:28 - Tevo Saks Now you introduced the changes of like found upon.

1:49:36 - Fly You mentioned. It's a good point. I mean, I'm not sure how we do it and I don't like this kind of corporate, style. If you don't use your budget then it's going to go away.

1:49:45 - Stephen Yeah, exactly,

1:49:46 - Fly I think definitely we can like We can stipulate between different hours and I mean there are going to be ambassadors which are using a lot more time and then other ambassadors that are using just like five 6 h a week and actually the whole ambassadors role kind of becomes a lot more scalable when we think about that.

1:49:46 - Stephen yeah. I mean.

1:50:09 - cran Not everybody is like as into governance structures or treasury, like, like, I feel like all of us here are like super, we're nerds about it, right? Like,

1:50:19 - Stephen Exactly.

1:50:20 - cran I'm in so many ecosystems where it's like, well, why is not, why, why isn't everybody coming to this meeting about governance or whatever? It's like, dude, people are, a lot of people are just not interested in the subject, right? So.

1:50:33 - Stephen I mean the the Ly equivalent Ra to us. Ten dollars an hour or less is that right. For the existing budget. So I think some perspective is needed here in terms of I wouldn't, I would just if you're an ambassador, I would even be that extreme. Even if someone is put in four or 5 h a week, it's not about that, those hours, it's about their contribution. You have to ask yourself the question are they worth it as a person or are not? As a person, you know what I mean? Like as a

1:51:08 - Fly than the output I get.

1:51:09 - Stephen As output.

1:51:09 - Fly You.

1:51:09 - Stephen Yeah, yeah. And the hours are kind of irrelevant up to a certain point, okay, because it's about the, because the, it's like a stipend, isn't it? For the ambassador, you know, where they're kind of an incentive payment, it's not really an income, okay, And that's why that distinction is quite important because if you're doing a project that's maybe like if you're building a project over a long period how might be like the archive work group. Well, I started thinking about long term developments and stuff like that.

1:51:42 - Stephen Then you have to start thinking about ditching costs into that that won't be paid for from ambassadors, you know. So I can't think of it in ambassador income terms. I have to think of it in project cost terms, like W, if I wanted to hire a developer or if I wanted to hire an archivist, that kind of thing, you know. So. That's really where I'm going, I suppose you know, but, but, but at the same time you just need to incubate people, you need to get people on board like, as you say, crown the nerds who are interested to begin with, and that is disincentivizing people.

1:52:26 - cran for sure. And I think we're, we're definitely gonna see like the budget percentages just radically change as we see certain things, you know, like if there's a research arm or education arm, it's like or, and I think marketing is to some extent, but I think content creation covers that. That's a bulk of budget. Like you're going to see these higher percentages just because of these things that you list. I mean, it's like we totally need a dev in the Ambassador program in ergo, sigma knots.

1:52:54 - cran Like we have dudes that are building out like a whole website, anonymous voting infrastructure for the sigma knots. You know, we need to find those types of people too and incentivize them. They're doing it for basically free over there. So there's also going to be people that are just like, so dedicated to the cause. It's just Creating that and attracting those types of people are gonna be really important. And then not to knock the conversation off access. But sometimes we needed to get together with Steve and fly and talk about marketing because we've been beating our head on the wall for for months, like, It's crazy because of the start of marketing.

1:53:39 - cran It's like I created a task where it's like, hey, just like make a proposal, we'll fund what you're into, what's experiment. It's crazy how hard it is when there's like free rewards on the line and you've got these people on Youtube stuff like that grinding for years trying to get any views and then suddenly got this fund where it's like, dude, we'll fund experiments and it's like we can just not get people. And then trying to make it more structured, we'd have structured tests and then you'd have people that would abuse it and it's like, dude, this, this is trash that you're sending me, but I don't want to dictate what is.

1:54:12 - cran Is and isn't trash, and it's just a tangent. But, man,

1:54:18 - Stephen I get you, yeah, I mean because W for Smt paying in Catalyst a little bit as well the past few years where you get people take your advantage, you, you have people. It can be difficult because particularly if you, you know what you're doing to a certain extent and then you're having to onboard people and then some people may know, not have different levels of ability or different expectations, you know, So you're going to have to deal with that as well. And so that I kind of realized the importance of educating people and training people, that kind of thing as well, you know, because it's kind of a balance between, but then at the same time you want to build something, you know, so um, It really comes to come down to what you want to do, like, you know, so is the priority to do professional marketing or is the priority to train people to do that, you know, that kind of thing.

1:55:19 - Tevo Saks All right, let's then call it the day for now, and I will later today or somewhere I will drop in the data sheet A remind again. To check these task activities for these missing participations, I will share that work group. Process map again and where people kind put their time already and levitate that. But with the measures that now let's create the ambassadors the work group And in the ambassadors only work could be basically going to address all the most necessary needs, because it looks like we are getting stuck in delivering rears.

1:56:12 - Tevo Saks So let's get these roll stuff away and as soon as we get that, the way me and Steven will jump in with work group stuff, maybe already start with incubation work group and then we get some. Maybe we get some alignment on how much power a work group lead hass in order to create these tasks and stuff for people. And if they are also able to create some work groups on their own from fully from process Cod or like from their goals or marketing Cod, like, and then if we have clarity on that, then we basically are able to differentiate the basically who owns how much value to be shared away.

1:57:08 - Tevo Saks And that should also simplify, like coming up with projects and proposals. And it reduces the bureaucracy that Steven comes up with the proposal. But if you see also a lead of a good and if the budget is like less than thousand dollars for a, for a two months, then you can just start doing it and already get going and no consensus needed. Oh yeah, all these things.

1:57:38 - Stephen Yeah, it needs some sort of Well, I I mean what you say what I would do this at t next Treasury.

1:57:42 - Tevo Saks Yes.

1:57:44 - Stephen Guilty tho or we have a separate workshop for it.

1:57:48 - Tevo Saks At very best, we do it in next pressure equi if we get time next week already with ambassadors and we solved the contribution issues because we still need to also discover two more things related to, that is like, are we going to continue with the same treasury fees like we last time we said that? Yes, this is great what we're doing, but we haven't gotten the like, the yes from Peter. The kind of need because he's holding the old, robots now and 2nd one. And if it is, then we know that Treasury Gild itself will not have any rewards kind of do any experiments any other work groups because just because the fee of this treasury system is just so high, like managing all that developing.

1:58:47 - Tevo Saks So yeah, and then the 2nd one is are we going to postpone or start training people using Texel itself? Which would then require a bit of thinking how do we develop both these different treasury systems and how do we manage the data between them? Because the recent updates contribution was done with the small treasury manager, so now the singularity one which I did two weeks ago or three weeks ago is now outdated, so it kind of a little bit wasted dying there. And we have like so many different topics people bring to Treasury Regal and like, how do we, you need to kind of because we need just two Treasury requ calls now, three actually because they have.

1:59:43 - Stephen I mean it, yeah, maybe that's, maybe it's about us can cut off. Just do it according to how you were doing it, get in those agreements and then then, you know, draw a line in the sand. Tiva You know, I mean, clearly things need to be simplified in some way, you know, that's another conversation, maybe.

2:00:11 - Fly I made an ambassadors only work group in the discord. Now we can get maybe a time or arrange in there when to me, I like to do the code of conduct and stuff, develop it in there. I think that it's going to be quite important to get like, if not all the ambassadors next time. So we're all like onboarding each ambassador into this process.

2:00:38 - Tevo Saks I don't think we need a different channel for that because we have an ambassador only channel.

2:00:45 - Fly Yeah, that's true.

2:00:48 - Tevo Saks And every, like my assumption is every the meetings we have, we kind of solve the things that. So we use it only for these issues we have right now that we, we are like in this blockage activities that needs to be done in order to continue.

2:01:07 - Fly Could that be like, with the ambassadors only chat, it's a lot of different things I mean could do. We need a separate thing to work through on these things. I fear it might get just lost in chat.

2:01:21 - Tevo Saks Okay, okay, let, let's fine, let's keep the ambassador, only work, cook, but I'm gonna write that. To be deleted when tissues solved. So that we don't have just Chanel because we find the needed it once. And they can always fight anyone if you again need it.

2:01:51 - Stephen How are you gonna remember what's discussed if you delete it?

2:01:58 - Tevo Saks We don't, then we can do some more synchronous discussion. But main thing is we do a meeting and we do a summary of meeting like you mentioned and that's there we go over and kind of agree to these decisions,

2:02:01 - Fly Didn't look like that.

2:02:11 - Tevo Saks what we made asynchronously.

2:02:12 - Stephen Yeah, I know, I know you can archive it. Sorry, I was a pit. Yeah,

2:02:16 - Fly No,

2:02:16 - Stephen of course,

2:02:17 - Fly but yeah, I, I think that the have it in one place would be very useful,

2:02:18 - Stephen yeah.

2:02:23 - Fly but yeah, these things can be worked out. I'm sure our ideas will change as we, as we go cool. I'm gonna pop off now guys.

2:02:35 - Tevo Saks 30.

2:02:35 - Stephen Okay, thanks.

2:02:38 - cran See all good conversation.

2:02:38 - Stephen thanks.

2:02:39 - cran Thanks. T. Tip.